You 've finally managed to discover the secret to immortality . Suddenly , Death appears before you , hands you a business card , and says , `` When you realize living forever sucks , call this number , I 've got a job offer for you . '' After a few hundred years , the pattern became obvious , no longer the war and damage that would devastate me over and over again in the far past was effecting me so dominantly . At first I was scared , each time I could feel my city , my current generation collapse , break into the black hole that thrives within it , I could feel humanity , the way I 'm able to feel my body . So many times have I walked on ruins , the remainings of places that I loved and got used to . It 's funny , but I felt as if after gaining what I desired so long , what I have lived for my entire life , only then , when I achieved immortality I started truly aging .
The moon is actually a giant egg , and it has just started to hatch . I glance out a window as I pass it by . Almost . ''   He shakes his head in disbelief . There 's the sun , and there 's the moon right there . And , of course , there 's the Earth . I kinda miss it . Then again , space is pretty cool . It 's got some brilliant views , and the wifi is surprisingly good . Even countless miles away from the Earth , I can crush Silver noobs on CS GO . I pass by Dale Malkowitz , the head scientist on board . `` Evening , Dale , '' I say . `` What up , Danny ? '' he replies cordially . `` Nothin ' much . A little new , I guess . -Week 18 aboard the Depth Reaver , Circa 2023-   I walk about the dull gray halls , the artificial gravity making my steps feel almost as if they were on land . `` I really , *really* do n't understand how you can be bored in space .
You find a rip in time walking through the alleys . You enter it to find yourself on a metal table with surgical instruments on a chair next to you . I was feckin ' sloshed , mate . So I stumble out when it was closin ' time , musta been 'round 4 o'clock in the morning , and made my way through some alleys to find the quaint little AirBnB place I 'd rented for the week . There was this bloke I saw comin ' towards me in the alley , dark as it was with only a few lights from some apartments overhead , where the folk were still awake . A'course , that 's how many a horror story starts , ainnit ? But it was all fun and games at first . First time I ever was in the Big Lemon , and I 'd found me the best feckin ' pub I could imagine , I tell ya what . At least , I thought it was a bloke , but he looked more like there was n't something right with the whole alleyway .
For years in your youth the same imaginary character appears in your dreams , you are good friends . Years later , when adult , you meet her in real life , she clearly recognises you and tries to avoid you , and you want answers . I finally get this far and now you ’ re here . ” She backed up and turned the other way the second she saw me heading towards her . I kinda miss it . She tried to duck behind one of the men carrying samples around the food court but instead just managed an awkward half step around him before I grabbed her shoulder . She turned towards me so I could get a clear view of her face . I pass by Dale Malkowitz , the head scientist on board . “ You… you ’ re real , ” I said , looking back to her eyes . “ You can ’ t be here , not now . `` Evening , Dale , '' I say . There 's the sun , and there 's the moon right there . I pass by Dale Malkowitz , the head scientist on board .
You glance at your watch 10:34 am , roughly 10 seconds later your plane explodes over the Pacific Ocean . Your eyes open as you jolt awake . The familiar hum of the planes engine remains . Checking your watch it is 9:35 There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , a moment where noise seems to reach a crescendo but everything is so calm right as you crash into the warm waves of sleep . As my eyes closed the only thing I saw was the time on the TV screen in front of me , faded blue numbers that read 10:34AM . Unless your plane explodes . There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , a moment where noise seems to reach a crescendo but everything is so calm right as you crash into the warm waves of sleep . There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , a moment where noise seems to reach a crescendo but everything is so calm right as you crash into the warm waves of sleep . There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , a moment where noise seems to reach a crescendo but everything is so calm right as you crash into the warm waves of sleep . There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , a moment where noise seems to reach a crescendo but everything is so calm right as you crash into the warm waves of sleep . It was real . That was no dream , it could n't have been . There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , a moment where noise seems to reach a crescendo but everything is so calm right as you crash into the warm waves of sleep .
Through Iron And Flame . Legends told of it waking and the destruction that followed . But that was before . `` Perhaps the Dragon slumbers yet , '' he thought . The shrouded peak drew slowly nearer as the sun climbed the sky , mirroring the Warrior 's toil this day as the last . Now they had weapons that could fight the myth . '' He strode forward , heavily , in his iron raiment , shining dully in the morning sun . `` I shall wake him , soon enough . The Dragon slept silently in its lair amidst the clouds . The mountain stood still and large beneath the Warrior . Before the people had tamed iron and bent it to their will . But their stories , told by night and hearth fire , still remained hushed in reverence of its deadly wrath . It had not trembled in the days since the people chose him as their Champion . For generations the people had not seen it wake . That could quench the fire .
You live in a world where there has never been sickness , and you are the first to have ever experienced being sick . I was alone last night like I always am , I think . Everything seems to be as I left it the afternoon before , but there is a heavy , unfamiliar air in the room . I open my eyes in a panic , sweat beading and then falling down my face . I 'm not allowed to think about it much longer , as the feeling in my stomach bubbles over and pops once more as it had been doing all night , slowly worsening . I look around and the sun in shining through the maroon curtains of my studio apartment . I pinch my eyes shut , knowing what 's coming next , and for just one moment , as the pain peaks like a giant wave waiting to break , I think I may just die this time . I notice the throw cover I lazily hang to separate my twin size bed from the rest of the apartment has been ripped to the ground , and that the kitchen faucet rhythmically drips against the cold steel sink . No one has been here but me in over three months .
You are at the park with your kids , when you see the telltale signs of a lightning strike . You divert your kids from danger , but are hit by lightning . Soon after , you discover that your Dad Senses have increased 100 fold . “ Sadie ! I ask you to sit under the tree in the middle of a thunderstorm ! ” My mom frantically dialed 911 , as I laid there , shocked . “ Sadie ! I told you to stand under the tree in the middle of a thunderstorm ! ” My mom frantically dialed 911 , as I laid there , shocked . “ Hello ? ! My sister was just struck- “ All of a sudden , something was wrong . I did not sit up , my fingertips watching with this original power . “ Sadie ! I told you to stand under the tree in the middle of a thunderstorm ! ” My mom openly dialed 911 , as I laid there , shocked . Nor did I food . No . “ Sadie ! I told you to stand under the tree in the middle of a thunderstorm ! ” My mom frantically dialed 911 , as I laid there , surprised . “ Sadie ! I told you to stand under the tree in the middle of a thunderstorm ! ” My mom frantically dialed 911 , as I up there , shocked . Something was definitely wrong , and it was nearby . “ Sadie ! I ask you to stand under the tree in the back of a thunderstorm ! ” My mom frantically dialed 911 , as I laid there , shocked . “ Sadie ! I told you to stand under the tree in the middle of a thunderstorm ! ” My mom long dialed 911 , as I laid there , surprised . “ Sadie ! I told you to stand under the tree in the middle of a thunderstorm ! ” My mom frantically dialed 911 , as I laid there , shocked .
Write a horror story from the perspective of the antagonist . Make them as sympathetic as possible . I do n't want to cut off his head , but I do n't really have a choice . I close my eyes and just proceed for it to be over . She surveys the scene , and I am impressed by how hectic she seems . *Quit being so weak ! You 've done this before . * The jock 's girlfriend screams on apartment , looks like she is going to faint . She has blonde alive and a nonblue dress patterned with diamonds . I 'm not the bad guy . I decide to back off , but she takes that as a sign to attack . *Do I have to remind you ? Remind you how they came here -- to OUR vacation -- and ransacked OUR things ? They are trespassing ! * The door to the bedroom bursts open , and another girl storms in . I think her name was Whitney . She is holding a shovel . My insides go as I think the swing connect . I look how scared she is , and I feel ashamed .
An alien invasion happens during an alien invasion . For years we had been warned . Every guard and secret service member present had thrown off their masks and were holding their guns towards the crowd . Since the 40 's a sparse few had seen the pattern and tried to warn us . Close to a million were gathered to witness the ceremony , when our newly elected president 'Dave Johnson ' ripped his facial mask of and revealed his true , reptilian face . `` Sstupid little monkeyss . We have played you from the sshadowss for decadess . Nutjobs we called them , conspiracy theorists . It was at the Swearing-In Ceremony that they chose to strike . Now , it iss time for uss to take our rightfull place ass your overlordss ! ''  Scream of joy quickly turned to screams of terror as reptilians revealed themselfs everywhere you looked . It was supposed to be a day of celebration , the republicans and democrats had been swept away in the election by the newly formed 'unionists ' .
