you have the ability to see everyone 's physical manifestations of their greatest fear . You can interact with them but no one notices , you 've befriended yours . While at the bar and the man sitting across from you buys your next round . When he comes over , you notice that he has no fear `` shadow '' ... `` Another round for my good friend here ! '' The man hobbles over . His short , white hair looked as if it had slowly migrated to his chin over the years , leaving wrinkles and spots in their place . He looked friendly enough in his ratty gray suit , but for some reason , did n't seem to have a manifested fear . The bartender ( and the beautiful woman that shadowed him ) slid a shot of whiskey to me with a smile .   Max , a large , humanoid spider and my closest confidant , tapped me on the shoulder . `` I would n't let him get too close . ''   I scooched to the other side of the barstool as the old man sat , thankfully , two chairs away . I kept away from the whiskey for now , playing it safe . Besides , I was feeling a bit sluggish from the four or five shots from earlier . When your world is filled with fear , drinking is a surprisingly good escape . `` Thanks
Long ago , several hundred years now , a mad wizard cursed every single human being , and their descendants with the form of a human/animal hybrid . Since then , the world has begun anew , with a renaissance of magic and arcane knowledge . For whatever reason , you are human . Find out why . The gun sounded with a crack of lightning and a burst of smoke . My heart skipped a beat , and my muscles tightened and sprang into action . With a strong kick I launched forward my right leg and began my stride . My vision was clouded as my eyes caught the kicked up dust and my throat inhaled it . I pushed through the cloud wiping my eyes and finally looked forward down the track . Everyone else was at least 10 feet in front of my and putting even greater distance between us . The despair I had before the race flooded me , and I almost stopped running right there . I finished last , as I always did in the PE required 100-meter dash . As I crossed the finish line Mrs. King clicked the stopwatch with her claw .   “ 14.5. ” Her emotionless voice spoke the words that everyone I ever knew had wanted to say to me .  I crouched over trying to catch my breath as the others began to walk back over to Mrs
Twins seperated at birth and given to an adoption agency get into a car accident as adults . One dies and the other has amnesia . The hospital mixes the records and the surivivor resumes living his twin 's life . After some time , his memory slowly starts to return . `` Richard ? Honey ? Are you okay ? ''   My wife . Her voice still seems so unfamiliar . Concern is embedded in her face ; the curves and lines still unknown to me . Her blonde hair is in messy curls . I nod my head . No words can come out of me as the sinking feeling in my chest begins to make my stomach liquids churn . I am home again . With my family . But there is a hole inside . I feel as though I am missing something .   She takes my hand gingerly . `` It 's okay honey , it 's getting better . '' Her green eyes and bright red lips force a smile . I put my hand against her face , trying so hard to just remember . To remember the life we had together . The life we 've given our two beautiful children .   `` Daddy ? '' The littlest calls to me sheepishly . Anna , I remember . Her face is an angelic monument to mine . Our eyes are
It is the year 2288 . As you wander the Wastelands , you find Vault 74 . Inside the vault is a team of video game designers from the pre-war company known as Valve Corporation , who have just finished working on a video game known as Half Life 3 . Those who survived the nuclear apocalypse kept the Half Life series alive . During the long decades beneath the irritated surface , my vault-dwelling ancestors passed on their gaming PC 's to their children . They all shared the joy of playing the Half Life series . They all shared in the disappointment at the lack of a proper ending .   My father was one of the last people to play the Half Life series before the vaults final pre-war computer stopped working . This was before I was born , before I had the chance to experience the glory of Half Life myself .   Throughout my childhood my father spoke wistfully of Half Life 3 and how he would never have the chance to play it . He cursed Valve for failing to deliver a sequel before the bombs fell . I could see how much it pained him to not know the fate of Gordon Freeman . He dreamed of Half Life 3 even on his deathbed . With his last dieing breath he pulled me close and whispered in my
Ants have a telepathic link to all members of their colony . It 's so specific that , as the colony grows , so does it 's collective intelligence . One such colony has become so massive that it 's about to break a major intelligence threshold . It began with a picnic .   For almost three decades - long enough for five generations to chew through their birth-shells with new mandibles - the hill of the white leaf and the hill of the long shadow had been locked in an unending war , skirmishing back and forth across a long sandy spit that stretched between them .   Whenever one side gained a slight advantage in territory , their overextended supply lines made them easy pickings for an enemy counterattack erupting from tunnels behind the front lines . Over the years the sand had shifted constantly , built and rebuilt into long fortifications as fractal and complex as those of the western front during World War One .   Not that either side 's combatants had heard of that war , or had much understanding beyond the list of behavioural imperatives that drifted over to them on pheremone-scented breezes . _Dig . Fight . Scavenge . Die_ .   Since the sandy area between the colonies
You live in a world where each lie creates a scar on the liar 's body . The bigger the lie , the deeper and larger the mark . One day , you meet someone that only has one scar ; it is the biggest one you have ever seen . My deepest cut ? Easy . Upper right hip , curving from almost my navel to my asscrack . It 's an unusual , but fortunately concealed , spot for me ; usually I 'm an arm guy , so my parents always dressed me in tshirts , for conveniences sake when asking if I 'd done my homework . You 'd think they 'd have figured it out , after I was held back a grade ...   But this chick . Now , I 'm a man who knows what I like . Short , curly hair , sundresses , enough scars to show a wild side , few enough scars that I know I wo n't get a 'git-scar . Happened to one of my buddies once ; after his girlfriend found out his `` I 'm not cheating on you '' mark was hidden under his beard , she cut more than hair in taking it off . I told him dating a girl with skin textured like prairie grass was bad news ,
You 're a human scientist living on the moon . One day , while out in your spacesuit , you notice a small human child playing in the dirt . She 's not wearing a spacesuit , but she 's breathing just fine . It has been 2 years , 3 months and 7 days since I have arrived at Moon Base Alpha . I am here as part of a 3-year mission , exploring the moon and preparing for the first real human colony on the moon . My job here is to scout out possible locations for the colony . I go out with my rover and I travel for days on end , even though all the locations have already been charted by orbital photography . But still , it is a good job , and I love the fact that I am one of the few men who have set foot on this moon .   Today I am doing final checks of the selected location for the colony . I sat in my rover on autopilot for 25 hours , but finally , I arrived .   I step out of the rover and I begin setting up my equipment . All seems well , I had some troubles in the rover on the way here , an error message popped up , quoting an unidentified error with some of my equipment ,
When people turn 20 , they get to meet their guardian angel . It 's your 20th birthday , you finally get to meet the angel that 's been protecting you , and you 're horrified by what you see . `` Hey , Johnny . I 'm your angel . ''   This man could not be my guardian angel .   If this was any other time or place I would avoid this guy like the plague , but you ca n't exactly do that during the Angel Ceremony . Thinning hair , patched up clothes , stubble over his slightly chubby chin . The angel did not , in fact , smell , but my imagination conjured up associated stinks and odors .   The short , scarred man reached out to shake my hand . I shook it instinctively , not out of politeness . His calloused hands were so thick it felt like I was shaking bands of rebar wrapped with sandpaper .   `` Johnny I 'm so happy to finally meet you ! '' He was beaming . `` I ca n't wait to answer all your questions and actually spend some time together ! ''   I could hardly stand to look at him . I felt jipped ! Most
You have died and gone to hell , but it 's not what you expect . You wake up naked in a field with nothing but trees around you ... it turns out that hell is an early access survival game . I opened my eyes . I grab my chest frantically and look down . Nothing . No wound . No blood . That 's when I realize . No anything else either ! What the hell is going on ? I squat down in the grass and look around and find I am all alone in the middle of a field . I close my eyes to gather my thoughts . The last thing I remember is getting in an argument with that deadbeat degenerate gambler about the money he owed me . That 's when he pulled his gun . It 's funny , I never pictured him as the violent type . I figured he would either pay up or I would put him in the hospital . I remember lunging for his gun and BANG . Now I 'm naked , I 'm in the middle of nowhere , and apparently I 'm just fine . That crazy son of a bitch must have shot me with a tranquilizer . Well , he just signed his own death certificate . First Things first though ,
Your neighbor is the protagonist of a musical . Any time a musical number starts , anyone within a certain radius ca n't help but join in . You are trying to have one normal day when you hear music approach . Finally , silence .   Leon sat in his old armchair , determined to finish the case he was well overdue on . From the little side table he took his favorite pair of browlines , and hastily put them on , before the singing started . He was exhausted .   He wondered why the apartment was so cheap to rent , when he signed the lease , two weeks ago . Being a temp in a law firm , he didn ’ t have much money to waste , and saw this as a good oportunity . But what can a man do when his next-door neighbor is a protagonist of a musical ? Not many things , apparently . Because Leon ’ s tried it all , and nothing seemed to work . Every morning , he ’ d have to endure a wake-up number , a breakfast ballad , a coffee chirp , and all throughout the day , he ’ d have no choice but to join in , dancing and singing , as if he was compelled
`` It 's surprising that the most important person in the world has so little security . '' Said the assassin to his target . `` I am here , there is no better security . '' Was the casual reply . I do n't know if you 've ever been out to the country . Have you ever seen one of those big , dilapidated barns ? The wood all rotted and blackened , like a shadow against the sun , and the slits of light casting bullets inside so that the ground is spotty . The smell of it all is old grass and animal , faint , but stuck to the place like a ghost . I do n't know if you 've ever seen one , been to one , but if you have , what was inside ?    Was it tools ? Was it bare ? Old things rusted and falling apart ? It usually is like that . I had never gone to the country before , to be honest , but then we had found him and we had to go . There were the usual things you would expect in an old barn . There was also the fate of the world being decided in that moment .    Society is hard to explain to someone like
As a Space marine you have an allowance of one call home a day . Today 's battle was especially bad and your best friend died I 'm the heat of it all . Time to call home . `` Hi dad ! ''   The words snap me from my thoughts . I focus on the screen to see my son staring at me . He had a gap where a tooth had fallen out .   I forcefully pull a fake smile back . `` Hey bud , how 's it going ! Is mom home ? ''   `` Isaac , finish your homework first ! ''   My wife 's voice makes my smile less forced . `` Alright Isaac , go do your homework . I promise we 'll talk more soon , alright ? ''   `` Okay , dad . '' He replies , but the tone tells me he 's upset . His visage disappears and replaced by my wife 's .   `` I swear , the smallest thing distracts that boy . '' Her hair is in a hasty bun , and judging by the glisten of sweat and the smudge on her cheek she had been in the garden . Her blue eyes show more relief than anything else . ``
Let 's play an RPG together . /r/WritingPrompts is the protagonist , and I am the DM . You make the decisions , I create the content . Let 's begin . # 6 - COMPLETED || ANSWER SELECTED : 5   You find it best to catch the trespasser off guard by resorting to a proactive action via stealthiness . Shifting into a mouse and climbing up the vine along the wall of your home , you reach the top but do n't commit . Instead , you peek your head over the edge to find your neighbor 's kid 'Dimitri ' casting magic on your roof . His hands are bright blue and a winter chill emits from his body . Dimitri is known for causing trouble in the village , but you somewhat like the kid . If not for his personable traits , but for his courage and persistence . Despite all odds , the kid always returns to prank another day .   What do you do ?   * 1 . Shift and confront  * 2 . Retreat and grab your spell book  * 3 . Unshift and try to reason with the kid  * 4 . Destroy him at all costs  *
As a villager in an MMORPG , you 've grown increasingly jaded from every single hero easily completing your `` quest '' . You 've decided to actively sabotage them from now on ... It was always the same . That was the life of a farmer villager , after all . A Hero would emerge from the forest , stumble into the inn , spring up bright and early the next day , complete some mundane tasks and be rewarded gratefully , then have a dramatic confrontation in the town square and race on to the south .   Henry had grown tired of the routine . He had seen the radiant God-Heroes racing north on draconic steeds , and the Heroes emerging from the wood either badly injured or dressed in expensive armor or robes .   He knew the natural order could be changed , a point that was driven home when poor Alfred 's farm was burned to the ground by marauding Orcs and Alfred was forced to pack up the remains of his belongings and seek a job in the floating city of Aeropolis .   Henry 's function in the current order was simple . He had a nice farm , with chickens and pigs , a wheat field , a large
You have an ATM that gives you the exact amount of money you need to survive for the day , how you spend it is your choice . Today you are given $ 70,000,000 . So I wake up , and begin my day like I begin any other by heading down to the atm just across the street . You see it all began three years ago , now I wo n't go into detail , but this atm gives me just enough money to survive that day , no matter what life throws at me I should have to make it though the day . I begin walking towards it just like any other normal day . But you see today was different , the most I 've ever received has been a couple of hundred dollars , usually for paying bills or in the rare case that my cars breaks down ... but this is something I 've never encountered before . Not even close , no where near to this .   $ 70,000,000 ...   Just what had life planned to throw at me . I was given this exact amount for a reason , I needed this to survive , but against what . This was madness , what in the world could possibly happen . Totally and
You 're a robber in a house coming down the stairs with valuable items from the master bedroom . You encounter another robber in the home on your way out ; Write a story about what happens . `` Hey . '' I called down the stairs .   `` Wha -- Holy troll shit ! '' The man in the ski mask blurted in surprise . His eyes instantly went to the door at the top of the stairs where the master of the house slept . He was half way to the door before I called to him again .   `` Hey , ding-a-ling . '' I called a little louder .   `` What ? '' He said in a shouted whisper .   `` Could you hold the door open for me . This shits heavy . '' I hefted the trunk and box I was lugging down the stairs so he could see that I was n't lying .   `` Not so loud . '' The other man breathed .   `` Oh , relax . He is n't home . Him and his trophy bride are hitting up a casino tonight . I got dibs on the big screen in the den , but the rest of the shit you
By day , he 's mild-manned office worker Frank Lee . By night , he 's Honest Man , a superhero with the power of honesty so brutal , it 's lethal . Sue sat on the edge of the bed and fiddled with the sheet . It was n't everyday that she slept with a super hero . Although in hindsight she wishes it could have been with any other hero . That 's right she boned Honest Man .   He nervously chewed his bottom lip trying to psychically force her to not ask the questions every woman did after he spent the night .   `` Honest Man ? Can I ask you a question ? '' She spoke in a tiny voice .   `` Uh huh ... '' He knew where this was going .   `` How ... uh ... .was it ? ''   She did n't waste anytime , usually the women he had been with waited a few days , acting as though everything was going good and then dropped the bomb on him . Sue was a straight shooter .   `` Well ... ... .. ''    That could have gone better Honest Man thought as he walked down the sidewalk clothes in hand .
Donald Trump becomes President of the United States of America . You are a writer for a local NYC paper assigned to writing about his actions/decisions after his first year as President . I do n't think it 'd be a stretch to say that Trump is the most polarizing president of all time . The immediate deportation of all illegal aliens in America raised wages and lowered unemployment but food prices skyrocketed and the deportations radicalized many hispanics in the country who formed Latin Separatist groups in response . He ushered in a new wave of transparency in government by creating a reality show devoted to his presidency , but terrorists used the show as a high profile target to launch an attack , killing 100 people in the process . He ended the war in the Middle East by nuking Iran and Pakistan , but that hurt our international relations severely . As part of an agreement with the other foreign powers , we 've had to take in all of the refugees from the affected countries and domestic terrorism has skyrocketed as a result .   Also , accusations came out last week that Trump is using his presidential authority to profit from certain federal development , but the formal investigation into that just started
You kiss your girlfriend of 10 years goodnight.You return in the morning to find her house completely abandoned , boarded up , with no trace of your girlfriend or her family . `` Goodnight , '' I said , leaning into her with my hands already around her waist . `` I love you . ''  I kissed her passionately , loving the taste of her soft lips pressed agianst mine , they tasted like strawberries thanks to her lipstick , and she knew I liked it . She knew everything about me , that 's what ten years together will do to a couple , but I was n't complaining . It just made me love her more .  She pulled back after a few hot moments . `` Goodnight , Jas . '' she said , smiling and biting her lip . `` I 'll see you tomorrow ? ''  `` You do n't want me to come in ? '' I asked , pushing my luck a little further .  She looked at the door , thinking about it as she bit into her lip a little harder . I 'd teased her about how it made her look kind of like a bunny rabbit , but I would n't have changed it about her
Throughout your childhood you are made fun of for `` making up your own language '' , till Earth is contacted by another race and you are the only one that understands them . I liked to just make up random words when I was a kid . Just simple stuff , replacements for words we already had : *anlique* instead of *fade* , *dinfa* instead of *purple* . I did n't really tell anyone about it until middle school , where I started to get more serious about it , changing sentence grammar and adding new tenses . It tended to be a good conversation starter if the world language we were taking came up , and most people forgot about it , but there were a few people who kept giving me weird looks when it came up .   By the time high school rolled around , it took up several notebooks with all my notes and vocabulary . I started inventing a world for the language . A world that was lifeless until a single thought from the lone consciousness that inhabited the land brought life to it . The beings that inhabited it were all simply part of the being 's unconsciousness . Yeah , i 'm not even
You wake up the day after having literally lived the best day of your life . Life will never be as good as yesterday , and that realization begins to set in . A moment : 6:42 P.M. , on the 18th , it was a Thursday . The weather , when mentioned , was recanted as miserable and dry…understandably so for a July in the south . I lay calm and collected blanketed in warmth other than the heat of the day . There was a glow of sunlight beginning to dusk on the west wall of my room . Nearly motionless in my content , I never realized there was not a day before this that I could have expected the world and received it . I never realized there was a moment when everyone you ever knew came to a stop to congratulate your accomplishment . I would never realize the single biggest accomplishment of my life was the precursor to all my failures , my losses , my regrets . For that afternoon was the best day of my life .   The following day came much too early for myself and those around me . Ushered in prematurely , the morning was brought to a halt by my realization I was lost .
Instead of Christianity , Judaism , and Islam , the three major religions to make it to the 21st century were the Greek , Roman , and Norse pantheons . `` Check . So , how have your classes been ? ''   `` Ugh , it 's been absolute Hades . I have this one professor who 's *super* Norsaphobic , '' Joshithos says as he moves his Centurion .   `` Really ? How so ? '' Drafus asks , moving his Praetor up .   `` Like , we 're supposed to be learning statistics , and he just goes off on rants about how if we do n't close our borders the terrorists are gon na send in suicide bombers and shit . ''   `` Ah . A Trumpicus supporter then . ''   `` You know it . Speaking of which , did you hear about Mercurymons ? Their spokesperson denounced Trumpicus . I mean , how the Hades does a Republican candidate lose the Mercurymons vote ? ''   `` Well I mean , he also tried to pick a fight with the High Priest of Jupiter , remember ? When the HP said we
After a bad breakup , you take Reddit 's famous advice . Lawyer up , hit the gym , delete Facebook . The problem ? You are Mark Zuckerberg . Goodbye Cruel Facebook    ~   Once fair of face   Now a Monstrous facade   With evil intent   My heart she Clawed   ~   A facade of Love   So deep and giving   Led me astray   Though I Was willing   ~   Now counsel Quickly   Discuss with me   How to keep the Harpy   Facebook free   ~   Do so at Once   For reddit counsels thusly   Abs like these   Take a work out More than monthly   ~   TIME is upon me   To change my status to Single   So I can go forth this night   And begin to Mingle   ~   Alas my password   Is long Forgotten   What once was Joy   Has now turned Rotten   ~   Unable to move forth   And proceed with Life   When Facebook holds   The visage
You 're not about to let the end of the world make people forget about the greatest music written by mankind . You are the Rock Bard of the Apocalypse . `` It 's been 20 years since the bombs fell on the earths crust , since fire turned everything to ash ... Almost everything .    This little music shop down in Blackpool stayed up , so did the tower and honestly it 's great here ! I could n't tell the difference after I walked out of the shelter Mrs James dug in her garden . Bless her , could n't make a cuppa ' to save her life but when it came to shelters for the nuclear holocaust by Jove , she knew her stuff . '' The old man just kept going on and this point .    `` Look that music shop where it it ? '' I asked , having heard enough about Mrs James 's salt for sugar brews .    `` Oh that place ? Well it 's ... Uh it 's . '' The oldie stuttered and tried to bring up the slat brews again .    `` C'mon man spit it out !
You walk up to a beggar to give him a dollar bill when he looks directly into your eyes . You realize the old man is Santa Claus . It was a simple request , but I was annoyed . I had to go out of my way on my walk home to go to the store and get eggnog . I don ’ t even like eggnog . I have to go an extra five block , and I hate this part of town . It ’ s funny how much difference there is between here and where I live less than half a mile away . It ’ s bad enough that I had to work a full day on Christmas Eve ; I just have to get this over with . I love my wife , I love my new son , but it ’ s cold , and I don ’ t like eggnog .   “ Excuse me , sir. ” I heard a voice say . I know it came from below me and I cringed . I wanted to ignore it , but I slowed to a shuffle and glanced down . I saw the dirty brown coat sprinkled with snow and I saw the
You died . You were reborn . You remembered your previous life . But that 's actually pretty useless - because you were n't reborn human . You 've got to be kidding me . A cat ? Of all things to be reborn as , I 'm a black freakin ' cat . The very ( creepy ) creature I feared the most when I was alive . When I was human . Before the bastard killed me .   I race past a mirror before I can catch a glance and freak myself out . Do cats have heart attacks ? I hope so .   What 's this ? Why is he here ? Please tell me I 'm not in his house .   I am .   `` Here kitty , kitty ... ''   The bastard 's in his boxers dumping a can of fishy mush into a plastic bowl . I stare at him smuggly . Does he really expect me to the lick that up with my twisted shrunken cat mouth ? His hand 's in my fur now , stroking my head . He barely held my hand in public when we were together and now he 's
Mark Zuckerberg decides to end Facebook . He 's going to pay users $ 1 for every `` Like '' they accumulate until the company is bankrupt . `` I 'm sorry ladies and gentlemen , but we must go to some breaking news , '' said the news anchor , Mark Matthews . `` Our producers are telling me that as a result of the announcement from Mark Zuckerberg , heavy rioting and unrest have broken out across the country . We 'll take you now to Laura Harris who is on the scene at one of the protests . ''   `` Yes , that 's right Mark , it is absolutely crazy down here , just outside of the downtown area . People are in the streets lighting fires , looting , and engaging in violent protests against Mr. Zuckerberg 's decision to shut down Facebook . ''   `` Laura , have you been able to speak to any of the rioters ? ''   `` Yes , Mark , I just spoke to a woman named Janice Schultz . She 's completely upset that she 'll no longer be able to share her family pictures and daily activities with everyone online , and let her children know that she '
When everyone turns 18 , they receive a pet which is figurative of their personality . You 're the first person to receive a dragon ... “ Prepare for something large and definitely carnivorous. ”   The entirety of the Sheirestein kingdom was gathered in the castle grounds . Nobility and peasants alike gambled together and kept the castle alive with boisterous activities . Lady Freda , eldest daughter of Kind Arren , was having her eighteenth birthday , and the kingdom celebrated spectacularly , constantly crying out to the still virgin beauty held high above them on a magnificent pedestal carved ornately with all the icy creatures of the north .   Atop the pedestal , Freda stood defiantly above her father and his charges . She refused to abandon her gray eyes from the sky , which seemed to reflect her own attitude with its angry howling . The snow stung her face , but it did n't bother her . She refused to dress appropriately for the blizzard outside , choosing instead her finest clothing for the occasion . Her pale skin and delicate frame was clothed in the typical skin tight seal suit to keep out the
It suddenly becomes possible to gain XP and level up in the real world , but you can only do so by getting kills . The man sat behind a desk alone before me . He looked at me through tired eyes before speaking .   `` I have to tell someone . You 're the only one strong enough and trustworthy enough for me to tell .   I 'm benevolent to all who come peacefully . I heal their injuries , cure their diseases , help them forget their pain . Those who come to take what I have ? They die , and add their power to mine . No one can challenge me , not as I am today . Anyone who would have the power to do so would not risk their own lives with so many others still there to reap .   When the Changing happened , the world was plunged into chaos . Those who killed became stronger and unlocked new powers and abilities . These powers came in clusters ; one type could summon the elements . Another could augment their strength and speed to superhuman levels . Another could mesmerize and control the minds of the weak .   I was a prison guard , a sharps
You are a dog who is trying to kill its master , but the family 's cat stops you at every turn . OK honestly , I have to mention this now . This is not a story , but an inkling of my bewilderment leaking into cyberspace . Just yesterday I was wondering `` what if dogs were pretending to be our friends to kill us , and they hate cats because they save us ? '' And today this appears . So you may be wondering : `` who does this delusional idiot on the internet think he is ? Just *one* strange coincidence , and he 's freaking out ! '' But this has been going on for years ! I wonder how a friend is doing ... Oooo ! Looky there , a call , from said friend . In the car with my sister : '*I 'm really feeling tacos right now* ' sister then claims we should get tacos . Hmm , when is that YouTube channel going to upload the next video in the series . Ta-Da ! That night ! Hmmm ... Minecraft should add horses , and maybe ropes to bind them to fences and stuff .
You are the Historian , a shapeshifting , immortal being that gives historical figures a push in the right direction . God , it 's been a while . I can almost remember when I went into the Decision Booth , and they told me I was best as a Historian . Then the old Historian disappeared , and I was next in line . My species needed me .    My first day , I was sent to help convince Oliver Cromwell to kill Charles I . He was a pretty steadfast man , very set to his goals , so it only took a slight push to persuade him the king must die . It was almost a certainty anyway , but a job 's a job . I did n't think that I would make him such a tyrant , but I did .    A couple of weeks later , I was to perform another assignment . The world needed another atrocity , in a country they 'd never heard of . And I was given the job of making it . In the end , it was a hard decision , but I chose Rwanda . The rebels were more than willing to let
A genie will grant you one wish . You wish to be the adult your younger self imagined you would be . `` How young ? '' The genie asked , perplexed by my decision .   `` Six , '' I reply confidently , feeling it was the appropriate mixture of childhood fantasy and an understanding of reality .   `` And you 're sure about this one ? You do n't want to just be your own ideal ? ''   `` My ideal has since been corrupted . We 're doing this . ''   He sighed heavily , `` Alright , your wish your rules , but someone 's gon na need to find the lamp again before this gets fixed up . I 'm not going to be around , you know , to help you adjust . ''   As sparks shot from his fingertips and lights seemed to envelope the world , I refused to close my eyes . They burned with the brightness of it , yes , but I would not shut my eyes to the brilliance of my childhood dreams coming true . What would I be ? A fireman ? A professional videogamer ? A superhero ?
You just discovered England 's biggest secret : every time they say long live the queen it extends the queens life . `` Bond ? ''   `` Your majesty ? ''   `` Do you think it is time ? ''   `` Time for what , your majesty ? ''   `` You know , do n't you think it is time for me to disappear ? ''   `` Um ... Why do your majesty say that ? ''   `` Oh , do n't be bloody dense , my dear . ''   `` Well , no one in this great country would wish it . ''   `` Bond . If you do not drop the formality , I would have to take away your biscuit rights here in the palace . ''   `` Oh , your majesty , I would n't want to see that happen . Well , your majesty 's reign is ... rather long ... . ''   `` People are going to suspect , the obvious . ''   `` Long live the Queen . ''   `` Oh shut up ! Yours are n't worth more than anybody else '
You run an RPG pawn shop . You haggle with adventurers who try to sell loot they 've acquired . Introduction : I am Jericho The Covetous , king of kingdom Skyfall , the land of dragons . Before nobility , I was a merchant , and an excellent one at that . While my wealth was vast , my lust for treasure was a higher priority . Over the years , I 've found that adventurers possess the greatest treasures . Because of this , and with the help of Mundus , I created The Abyssal Tradeshop .   *ringaling*   The bell on the front door rang , indicating another customer in my vast shop . It was the humble lad from Skyrim ( love the place . It has dragons , like Skyfall ) , the Dragonborn . He did n't talk much , but he had some legendary items .   `` Welcome back to The Abyssal Tradeshop , Assblaster . What do you have today ? ''   `` What do you have for sale ? ''   Ugh , he always began every conversation with that , even if he was
Everyday for the past week the same man goes in the middle of Time 's Square and kills himself . Everyday he sits there , on a little scrap of cardboard next to a trash can . A small cup by his feet , it 's filled with coins and it jingles when he lifts it , yet the contents would n't amount to enough to buy a meal in the McDonalds across the street . Wearing the same ragged clothes he wears each day , a tattered Jacket , a hat so old that it no longer keeps off the rain , nor shades from the sun , and shoes ... well ... on a wet day he might be brave enough to wear , and to wear out , his shoes . He has n't spoken to more than three people this week , it 's now Thursday .   It kills him to sit there , alone and dejected . When people talk about dying , they never meant it like this . `` What if ... '' the words that constantly went through his head , `` what if it had never happened ? What if I could take it all back ?
Write a story where the first sentence means something totally different than the last by the end of the story . I like James , he 's a good friend .   I remember the first time I met him . We were both at the same teen camp that happens every summer and winter out in Appalachian mountains . He was playing offence , and I was playing defence . A fight broke out between both of our teams , and before anyone knew what had really happened , everyone and anyone throwing punches . And that was the first time I remember seeing him , and unconventionally meeting him . My fist flying into his face .   Surprisingly though , by the end of the camp we had become best mates . What started out as bitter rivalry after that brawl slowly became a friendly rivalry and then evolved into friendship . In the next few months after camp we ended up hanging out a lot with one another , as my Mum moved to the same town as him . Me and my Mum ended up moving for a bunch of reasons , mainly though 'cause she could n't find work in the other town we were living in .
You are an NPC in the GrandTheftAuto universe . Describe a normal day in your life . Every time . Every freaking time . I did n't sign up for this . This is NOT worth the $ 45k/year and `` free company car '' . The LSPD is not fun , and I ca n't even protect the weak or the poor .   Everyday I 'm working 18 hour shifts . Chasing a mass murderer one second , running down a heist the next . Last week some guy ran over 4 people then lit their bodies on fire ; all while wearing some ridiculous face paint and nothing but boxer briefs . It is hell in this city . I once witnessed a guy in nothing but a scarf and t-shirt manage to steal a jet from Fort Zancudo . We lost Benny and Bert that day . It was a bad day .   And the citizens ? They do n't seem to give a eff . These people will see , with their very eyes , some schmuck hack people with an ax , shoot a cop with a flare gun , hij
: One day , you find yourself uncontrollably jumping into the bodies of other versions of yourself . `` As usual , there 's nothing on TV , '' Aaron sighed as he navigated the guide menu . Having just got home after a double-shift from his catering job , all he wanted to do was lounge around and fall asleep . However , you ca n't just fall asleep with any old TV show playing in the back ground . Aaron lived by himself . He found roommates to be more bothersome than necessary , seeing as he worked enough to afford his own place . Speaking to no one in particular , Aaron said , `` This would n't be so bad if I had some ...   ... company . ''   Aaron 's girlfriend turned her head and looked at him . `` What about company ? '' she asked .   Aaron looked at her , confusion sweeping through his head . This was his girlfriend , he knew that . But he did n't have a girlfriend . Or , he did n't just seconds ago . He knew all about Nicole though . Ever since he went
You are blind . The love of your life is deaf . Tell me how you first met . I love her , she is so special , yet broken , kinda like me . I remember the day I met her as it was yesterday , pheraps , today it 's 5 years I love her . I loved so much taking coffee 's in this bar , it had an amazing view , yes , you read it right , view , I used to sit down in one of the three tables that had the view just to piss of people , I would even make Sally ( my guide dog ) seat near me so that people understood I was blind . One day this girl come to my table , asked me if the seat near me was taken and sat down . I think she did n't see Sally cause she started talking to me about how beautiful the view was , and when I told her I had to leave she did n't stop speaking . A guy was passing by and he saw me talking to her and he noted that she was n't listening , to me , she was n't listening
A magical mirror shows your reflection and your future soulmate . You only see your reflection . I fucked up . I kicked the mirror over -- a mirror I paid $ 500 to see . It showed no one . Just me .   Before I could even turn , security grabbed me by the arms and shoulders . `` Fuck off ! '' My thin arms struggled against their firm grip . `` There was no one ! You hire people to advertise this shit scam ? '' I almost elbow the white guy next to me , when the body guards take me by the neck , and push me on the floor .   `` You 're going to have to pay for this , young man . '' I look up . It 's the blonde mustache receptionist . Could n't be more than 25 .   `` I , '' I sputtered , desperation clogging my thoughts , `` I ca n't . I do n't have anything . ''   `` It 's nearly $ 500 to see the LoveMate Mirror . That kind of money does n't just *appear* .
The ancient dragon , nearing his end , takes a moment to reflect upon his long life . The sun had just set over an inconspicuous cave that was soon to be the final resting place of an ancient , majestic creature . Never to be remembered , never to be praised , he humbly picked this spot for a simple reason . He could clearly see the skies above him while his , now greatly weakened , body lay still close to the cave entrance .   `` Thousands of times I have gazed upon the heavens '' , he thought to himself silently , `` but the skies above never seemed so clear , the stars so bright . I have never had much time to look up I suppose . There was work to be done , a world to be built . I did n't question the duty assigned to me by an invisible but omnipresent force that I never met but always felt as it inspired my actions . It is what drove me forward to finish what I have started ages ago . I never thought what the end would look like . Not while I flew high above this new world , never ignoring a
One day while hanging out with your friends , you accidentally discover that you have the force . `` You 're kidding ! You 've never watched Star Wars ? ! ''   Here we go again . I had my response memorized from years of repeating it .   `` No..my parents are super religious and think it 's poison for the mind . Yeah pretty lame . ''   Ok so my parents are n't super religious , just super freaking weird and religion is the most believable reason for it . Usually they 're normal , supportive , loving parents . Except when it comes to Star Wars . They refuse to explain why but it 's the one thing that I 've ever been banned from . Gory violent videos games ? We 'll get it for you for Christmas ! Light up plastic futuristic sword thing ? Grounded for a week and grilled about when I saw it . Like I said , they 're freaking weird .   `` Why do n't you just ... come over to my house and watch it ? They 'd never know . ''
Retell a major historical event as if they were the events of a kindergarten classroom . As the first bell rang , Jackie looked at the desk next to hers . It was the second day in a row that the seat had been vacant . *Oh , that 's right ... he wo n't be coming back . *   John was the class president of Ms. Rica 's fourth grade class . He was smart and had a kind smile . He was n't the most athletic of the boys , but he was charismatic - friends with well over half that class , both boys and girls , and probably most of the grade . She had never had a crush before he sat down next to her , smiled , and said `` Good morning '' .   `` Good morning . '' Not `` Hi , '' or `` Hey , '' or even `` Hello '' . He had the air of a gentleman , even at his age . She , a shy girl , blushed at his attention ; his smile grew wider and his eyes twinkled . They became fast friends .   When Ms
Humanity is pushed to the brink of extinction and you could n't be happier . It took them longer than anyone thought to find our last hiding spot . The remnants of humanity are hidden in this vast underground city . It was once used during the middle ages to escape from war and now it would be used as the last stronghold humanity had .   The fighting happened all too quickly , they appeared in telescopes around the a year ago . We all prepared for peace or war . They crushed us before any action could be taken . Any surviving General was to be considered a warlord , some took up arms and others began evacuation efforts of the local populace . We did what we could , but it won ’ t be enough .   I ’ m not too worried about extinction though . I have plenty of 7.62mmR cartridges and spare barrels to use . I can hear the fighting coming down the hallway . When I fall , they will have a nice chat with the 25mm Cannon ’ s we salvaged from one of our last remaining APC ’ s and
I 'd like to take a moment to appreciate Sir Terry Pratchett . Well damn . That 's a sad thing to hear . He was an excellent writer , better than excellent . The world 's a little less because of it . It 's like John Donne 's famous line ,   * '' No man is an island , entire of itself ; every man is a piece of the continent , a part of the main ; if a clod be washed away by the sea , Europe is the less , as well as if a promontory were , as well as if a manor of thy friend 's or of thine own were ; any man 's death diminishes me , because I am involved in mankind , and therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls ; it tolls for thee . `` *   It 's very sad to hear ...
And then she whispered , `` No . '' The story ends with this line . Trigger warning - child abuse , shitty lurid writing .   *****  Let me tell you a story . It 's about a girl called Ann . You know the type of girl , mommy and daddy were more in love with the pipe than little Ann . On the streets by 10 , doing things no little girl should be doing just to survive . I do n't need to tell you the sort of shit that girl did , right ? I can tell from your eyes you know exactly what I 'm talking about .   She 's sat under a huge willow tree in the park , slowly picking away at a sandwich . Then this guy approaches her . Tall and thin , grey skin , he looked like death .   `` Hi , sweetie '' he says , the tone of his voice instantly setting her on edge .   `` Hi . '' she says , clutching the sandwich closer to her chest .   `` What are you doing on your own ? ''
Middle Earth , 4000 years after the events of the Lord of the Rings trilogy . Walking across middle earth was a jarring experience . It seems that in a way , Morgoth and Saruman won . the twin cities Minas Tirith and Minas Morgal are populated by man . smoke often obscuring their skies from the great forges built deep into the mountain . The plains flow with field after field of farmland . machines of steam wind their way across the land travelling north west east and south across the lands . the endless plains of Rohan and rhovanion have expanded . The lust for fire burning Fangorn and Mirkwood to bare shadows of there former selves . evedence of the ents last stands have been and gone .   I walk to the east to the land of the Iron hills and Erebor . The dwarfs have become closeted building feats of grandeur hidden behind massive gates . iron and gold flow forth , food and goods flow in . such is the way of the dwarfs . I may have to do something for them .
He did n't have enough knowledge to fill an entire world up with things . Derek 's leg shook rapidly as he waited for the computer to log him in . His leg always shook when he was nervous , and this was as good a reason to be nervous as any . The computed logged him in and he quickly opened up Firefox .   The Valley View Library was the only place he could be away from his father , and so he was there whenever possible .   The browser opened and Derek went to Google . He signed in his Gmail account and checked his inbox .   There was a reply .   He clicked the message , from Penguin Publishing . He saw the message earlier at work , but he wanted time to read the e-mail , so he waited until he got to the library .   Six months sitting on top of a slush pile , the manuscripts sent in by unknown , unrepresented writers . He finally got the reply .   The e-mail had two lines .   > We are sorry to inform you that we are n
Your dementia riddled mother has a brief period of lucidity just before she dies . I 've been sitting by my mothers bed for days now . Watching her laboured breathing and furrowed brow as she lay in semi-consciousness . The dementia took over and she 's been slowly starving to death . Every once in a while she frantically tries to haul her bony frame off of the pillow and searches with wild eyes until fatigue violently collapses her and she fades away once again . I miss her kind nature and her matter of fact approach to life . All the shit that was handed to her she greeted with utter acceptance and dignity . I just miss her asking how my day was . I 've seen people die before but never someone I loved so deeply . Where will she go after this ? Is she in pain ? What will I do without her ? Who will I ask for advice ? Will she hear me if I talk to her ?   Exhausted I trudge to my bedroom above the mock hospital room we 've made for her , knowing I most likely wo
The villain finally win and kills the protagonist . People around the world celebrate . Our most glorious leader is dead . Our savior , our hero , our God is dead . What will we do without him ? We loved him with all of hearts .  While we mourn his passing the dog capitalist world rejoices . They move in to our land with ugly smiling faces freely handing out food and deviant foreign technology . Do they not know old way is best ? That man must work the land for glorious leader ? These foreigners say he was despot , an evil man , but we only see our hero who showed us a strict tough love that was best .  Glorious leader was tricked and our mighty indestructible armies were duped . The enemy used most foul technology against our strong steel tanks . Guns that shot beams and tanks that float . Robot suits like imperial dog nation Japan so loves in their silly propagandist movies . They have no discipline or honor , only filthy capitalist tricks .  Our majestic hero said that our human wave attacks would break coward enemy . We were like
She dedicated her life to hunting monsters . Until she realized she was one . The flames ignited , the sound of wood crackling was almost deafening in this silent forest . Beth withdrew the autodaggers from her utility belt and pressed them against the tree . One at a time , she scaled the tree to the nearest branch . Then pulled a small glass ball full of gasoline and threw it at the fire . It only took a second , the flames erupted . She knew she had less than a minute until it arrived . She 's heard of a grendwur . But has never actually seen one , let alone killed one . She only knows what the village told her . A giant white beast , standing at least 9 feet high . A tiger like face , with a body like a stretched out gorilla . It runs on all fours and hates the sight and smell of fire . The widowed bride of the man killed by the beast said that their used to be thousands of them in the area , that they were a real problem for early human settlers .   She
He finally said it : I 'm proud of you , son . He picked up my Silver Star out of a cardboard box on the floor . `` Why 's this in a box on the floor ? You should display this . ''   I mumbled something about not having gotten around to doing so yet .   `` You know , I 'm proud of you , son . '' He finally said it . `` The army has really made you into a real man . ''   I wanted to scoff , `` A real man ? Is that what a real man does - shoots a twelve-year old boy who 's known nothing but war and famine since birth ... who 's been indoctrinated to believe America is the enemy ... who learned to carry an AK-47 when my own boys were learning how to hit a baseball ? ''   I took the medal from my father 's hands and put it back in the box . I did n't like looking at it . I felt conflicted . I may have saved my unit , but that did n
Make the most tense or suspenseful story you can in 500 words . “ So you never loved me ? ” “ I didn ’ t say that. ” “ But it ’ s true. ” He lets out a sob . The air is silent . It ’ s all I can say . His hazel eyes look betrayed , scared even . “ I ’ m sorry. ” It comes out as a whisper . “ What do you mean ? ” “ I ’ m sorry . I ’ m sorry I ’ m not good enough for you . I ’ m sorry . I ’ m sorry you fell in love with me , which is apparently so fucking wrong. ” His voice goes from a whisper , to a loud , desperate shout . He is good enough though . He ’ s more than that . He ’ s too good .   He stands up , tears running down his face . “ You know nobody ’ d ever approve. ” �
The day you drowned was the sunniest day of the year . Nostalgia bereaved you as you waited for the perfect one . It never came .   When the loneliness crept , you escaped to the ocean and hoped for something better . It brought back all the fond moments you had with her . You wanted to shake it off so you threw yourself into the water .   It helped . For a little bit . The fear of sinking down into that abyss kept clawing at your feet . You kick , kick , and kicked until you were exhausted . As you looked back , everyone appeared small . You 're were out too far for comfort . The open water was something you have never experienced , and it left you vulnerable . Nothing surrounded you . So in you went , in you sank .   You let go . The fury of the swell swung you back and forth . Until you reached a depth you 've never seen before . You ca n't breathe . You knew this beforehand , but you brought yourself here . The only thing you can do is
Make me fall in love with a character in 200 words or less . As he finished his lunch , he saw the first one of the day . It perched on the curtain rod and waved at him . He waved back , his hand feeling lighter than he remembered it being in some time . Another appeared with a soundless flash at the foot of the bed , and another on his knee . He laughed , a deep throaty laugh that his wife always loved to hear as he watched them tumble when he moved his legs . More appeared in flashes of light , all around the room now , although as usual , most near the window . He ’ d seen them before , of course , but never this many . Were they trapped in the room with him ? He hoped not , but he believed in action , and had instilled this in his children as well . With a grunt of effort , he spun himself out of the bed onto the tile floor and walked towards the window . It opened far easier than he expected , and looking out into the daylight , he took a deep breath
You 're on a plane , and it 's going down . Fuckin ' A-there it goes . I looked out the left window to confirm what my instruments had shown . The engine had indeed suffered a  catastrophic breakdown , as evidenced by the increasingly large oil streak working its way down the cowling .   I know the airplane will fly just fine  on one engine-I 've done it three times-in the past four months . However , it wo n't maintain the 12,000 feet needed to clear that last ridge line on the way to Montreal , which means finding a alternate airport , dealing with 10 pissed off passengers , and not making it home tonight .   It was wings and $ 2 taps night at Westwood 's too . Damnit .
You really , I mean REALLY , like that pair of shoes . True story :   its the end of sophomore year at Uni . I 'm walking by the charity donation bins in the lobby of my building . I thumb through them looking for annotated translations of the classics , technical manuals to operating systems , whatever I can find when I glance the BEAUTIFUL red and white jordans in the donation bin .   I said `` damn . those are some nice jordans '' .   a quick check of the shoe size revealed `` Damn . those are some nice My size jordans '' .   I stood there for about five seconds before I realized ... `` those are my jordans '' .   i really , like REALLY wanted those shoes . and I got them . it was the best , because my other shoes had worn thin .
Tell a surreal pirate story , full of myth and splendor . There comes a time in any young child 's life when they look through a window out at the sea and decide the life out there is worth seeing . They get it in their skull that it is worth risking it all . They may not understand it , but they knew that the bed they grew up with would be gone . They knew the food they grew up with would be at a far shore . Friends , family and the dog she befriended in the market would no longer be there for her .   She heard commotion down by the dock . A crowd had been walking by her house on the main road . They were surely headed to the gallows on the far side of the pier . She had promised to watch . She grabbed her bag , her packed lunch , a hat and ran for it . Sandals smacked the hard wood with each wide step . Her breath struggled to keep pace . The salty air slowly changed to the smell of a crowd . She was thankful it was n't
Walking along a bridge of petrified wood , following another . The bow was gripped in his hand , rough and uneven on his soft skin . He stood on the bluff , crouched low between the branches . Below , on the petrified bridge , a woman ambled across in a ragged white dress .   The four natural logs criss-crossed over each other unevenly , solid as rocks as they spanned the gap over the swirling river that flowed down the mountain . The old men in the village said the bridge had been there since the beginning of time , when stone trees from the heavenly gardens of Solum had fallen onto the land .   The woman liked to go there to think . Or at least , she used to . Now , the boy had observed , she just went there to escape , to get away from what she had done . He had followed her there many times , always hiding in the foliage , watching her .   His hands shaking , the boy descended the hill as quietly as he could . A single arrow was tucked
Trees are the resting place of a soul . ________________________________________________________________  My Dearest Shirley ,   It is June 23rd 1944 , my battalion has been in the thick of it for close to if not 17 days . I write you this letter in fear i may not make it home alive . This battle is violent , i have watched men at their cruelest , i have watched men suffer , i have watched men die . But i must tell you this in case i die . It is not advised that we tell you the condition that we are in , but seeing as this may be my last letter i owe you that at least . I 'm scared . My battalion survived the landing on foreign soil but at the cost of 85 % of our men . I 've seen young men die fighting for something they do n't understand . I have not eaten in days and we have been pinned in the Tree line by German forces while awaiting for backup with no end to the battle in sight . In the dead of night i hear voices , i thought i was
Secure your own mask first before helping others . we were literally just standing in an open field with desert like soil from all the previous test that had been done here . our own test was about to begin . there were 30 of us , chosen randomly I assume , we were surrounded by armed soldiers , wearing all black armor and gas mask . there riffles firmly pointed at us to insure compliance . Suddenly a handful of gas mask were launched into our group . we each raced for one franticly , yet instinctively Cleary we were about to need these .   I tugged one out of anthor mans hands and sighed in relief as a voice spoke from an unseen speaker system . `` secure your own mask first before helping others . '' I had used one of these mask before , I placed my hand over the cup and inhaled deeply sealing it to my face . and as I did several canisters were launched into the crowd . releasing a green gas .   `` Jesus Christ '' I thought `` what are they doing '' . I could feel a
A love story that starts with rice . The bowl shattered and rice flew everywhere . `` Oh my god , I 'm so sorry . '' The flustered young waitress scrambled to pick up the tray she bowl she had just knocked over and desperately tried to sweep it up into her hands .   `` Hey ... '' The young man bent over and started to help . `` It 's alright , do n't panic , it 's just a bit of rice . '' Their eyes met , and for a brief second , their attempts to sweep up the rice were halted . Blushing , both parties quickly looked away and continued to clean . `` I-i 'm Michael by the way . '' The man stood , brushing off his pants , holding out his hand to the flushed waitress .   `` Kate . '' She pointed to her name tag , taking his hand with her free one . `` Thank you , I 'm so sorry ... I 'll get you another bowl of rice . '' Michael chuckled and shook his head in response
The last words of anyone as they die are prophetic , and always come true : tell the story of a professional Prophecy Detective . Detective McAfee bent over the corpse , pushed the head to its other side with a gloved hand . `` Did someone hear his last words ? ''   The officer held a kleenex over his nose to hide the stench . `` One neighbor heard them . She heard a scream in this apartment , followed by the body falling to the floor , and then the shout . ''   McAfee gestured , as if to say *well ? *   `` The man said , 'The winds will take him , and then the Calvian rocks . ' ''   `` Sheesh , '' McAfee said , sighing . `` They just get more and more cryptic . ''   The officer led McAfee over to a coffee table in the apartment . Meanwhile the crime scene investigators deposited a knife into a plastic bag , collected DNA samples while wearing rubber gloves . `` Do you know what it means ? '' the officer asked .   `` Ca n't say yet .
I 'm afraid we can not use your blood for the transfusion . Our tests show it is not human blood . Twenty years . Twenty long years spent wasting away in this town .  `` No more ''  I said to myself while watching cars pass by the bus window . I was getting out of this town , one way or another . This town that cruelly judged me as deficient , disorderly , and dumb . I smiled as I saw the beautiful sign that told me I was finally out of this hell hole .  Something felt weird .  Something felt off .  I slowly turned my head to the front of the bus as time seemed to stop .  I watched in horror as the eight people in front of me disappeared and were quickly replaced by a heap of smouldering metal before I too was displaced .  Flashes of reality passed me by . Twisted metal . Loud noises . A car . The beeping of monitors .  Hushed voices . Dropped clipboards .  `` Doctor ... you wo n't believe this ... his blood ... .it 's black . ''  Another unfamiliar ceiling
You forgot your umbrella on a rainy day . The butterfly effect cause your day to spin out of control and several people end up dead . John muttered a swear word as he felt the back seat of his car . He already had an idea that he 'd forgotten his umbrella , having rushed out of the house , but he felt like being mad anyways . Today was a shit day .   As he made it way to the nuclear plant where he worked , he gave wide berth to a deep puddle , a vain attempt , as moments later a car screamed through it and drenched him . This time he did n't mutter . `` F-f-f-f-FUCK ! ! ''   Steve watches John storm into the office , dripping .   `` Hey there buddy , saving time by just swimming across the lake now ? ''   `` Fuck off , guy , today 's a shit day . ''   John wrings his jacket into the sink and makes a face as muddy water pours out . He throws the jacket over his seat , checks his watch , and rushes off to his first meeting
An insomniac gets the best sleep he 's had in years , except the next day , he ca n't stop thinking about a dream he had ... It was a bittersweet victory .   Finally , after years of shallow sleeping for rarely more than an hour at a time , I had managed to rest properly ; And boy had I needed it . I slept like a baby for 21 hours straight , feeling adequately refreshed for the first time since I was a child . I almost cried when I saw my reflection ; The black bag 's underneath my eyes were absent for the first time in as long as I could remember , my eyes themselves shined with reinvigorated life and my appearance as a whole seemed liberated from the drollness which had so long held my homely features captive .   Most importantly however I felt good . I felt good , I felt alert , conscious of my environment and ready to go out into that big world and stop sulking in my own little corner of misery . My options seemed limitless , I could go back to school , I could start a band , I could write a book ; life had opened up to
You a real master magician , a legend amongst true casters . From conjuring and summoning to simple hexes and curses . You are now hosting a trick to not only fool Penn and Teller , but make them question even their own knowledge of the art . I cut the head off of the chicken with a large axe . The crowd gasped . And , sure enough , the chicken began to run around the stage . It ran for a good 15 minutes , making spirals , loops , and zig-zags Finally , with a vomit-inducing crunch , it smacked into a wall and fell off of it 's feet . It twitched for a moment , then throbbed for another , and then finally lay still . At first , Penn had been smirking at my cheap `` trick '' . Now , the look on his face was uneasy . He whispered into Teller 's ear , and then turned to speak up .   I interrupted . `` But Mr. Penn , '' I jauntily called out . `` I 'm not done ! '' I was practically singing .   I walked forwards . `` I 'm going to need a volunteer ! '' I put my long , slender hand on Teller 's shoulder . `` Wh
You have died and have been sentenced to Heck . I have been waiting in line for an hour just to get on the stupid elevator ! I have just about had it with this waste of time , not that I do n't have tons of time to waste . You see , I died . It does n't really matter how , but since we 've got time to kill , I might as well tell you about it .   I had lived a nice life , as far as I knew . Sure , I was n't the nicest chap in the world , but I never hurt anyone . I suffered from one might call , `` cruelty through negligence . ''   I ignored the commercials that said my twenty-five cents a day could feed a family of five . I tossed my apple cores out of the window because they go away by themselves eventually , right ? I mean , I never went and threw plastic bottles on the ground ! People like that are assholes !   Well anyway , I was just minding my own business , bump
Your decision not to buy a chewing gum at the grocery store causes a series of events that lead to global economic collapse . A man decided not to purchase gum one day .   As he was checking out , the man behind him bought a pack of gum .   The man behind him , as it turns out , bought the supermarket 's 1,000,000 pack of gum .   He was given a $ 10,000 prize for doing so .   Later the gum-man , being prudent financially , set up an investing account with those 10 grand .   The man 's wife , being less than prudent , put all the money into a canned sandwich company her girlfriends had told her about .   The man sighed deeply .   The canned sandwich company took off , and the man and his entire family were now a new financial dynasty .   The family invests significantly in a new startup ; bonsai kittens .   Several generations later , John D. Cannedsandwichfeller was driving his sandwich-patterned Rolls Royce , when he ran over a homeless man .
You discover a grand hall filled with legendary weapons like Mjonir and Excalibur . Each generation or so , warriors come to the hall to inherit a weapon that they are worthy enough to wield . Across the hall you see a forgotten weapon that 's been collecting dust . You hear it call to you . The dust of ages seems to fade as I approach the old blade , dented and rusted by time . But suddenly , it seems to flicker with life as my hand draws close . The stone of the old hall crumbles in an instant as the very fabric of reality warps around me .   Suddenly I am knee-deep in a pond of the clearest of waters , bathed and glistening in moonlight . I see majestic trees reaching to the heavens all around the clearing , illuminated by magical faeries dancing with fireflies . There is nothing but calm and errie quiet for a time - but then from the depths on the pond the sword surges , restored to pristine condition , adorned with the finest jewels and shining with all-consuming light and warmth . The beautiful arm of a magical creature , clad in the most exquisite shimmering samite , offers it to me as her *thoughts* - powerful , clear and righteous - ring within my mind in the silent night .
A man is locked in his bedroom . His zombified wife and children struggle against the door to beat it down . A loaded pistol rests on the dresser next to him . The silver glock was poised like a beautiful swan . Loaded , like a bird ready for flight , and elegant , it 's slender muzzle extending like a bird 's neck , ready to catch it 's prey . It was waiting .   Silently , it rested on the old wooden table , gleaming against the black material , like a candle in the darkness . I remember the day , twenty years ago , when that woman brought it in- the table , that is . It was a callback to the old days , a witness to the eternal summers me and her had spent , the autumns spent joking , springs spent playfully , and solemn winters . It had witnessed us move in , fight , break up , and our unconditional love for our daughter . Now , the wood appeared darker than ever , the only light being the gun it nestled .   Another round of thudding shuddered the door , but this time , one of the hinges gave loose . Time was almost
Your baby starts crying everytime you leave their room . Finally , you pick up your child and leave the room together . As soon as you step out , you hear crying coming from the room . Holly 's cries rang out deafeningly ; echoing around the barebones apartment . Sarah switched on the mobile and sat down as the lullaby began . She sighed ; she had told Hamish a hundred times that they should n't have started renovating until Holly was older . Until they had the parenting thing down pat . But no , as usual Hamish 's excitement at planning the nursery before Holly 's impending birth had gotten the better of him .  `` It 'll be best to start from scratch , '' he had said with a earnest look in his eyes .  `` Ripping down these walls is the way to go , our little girl deserves a perfect room . ''  And with that , he had begun work the same day . Animatedly discussing and drawing the new designs out with Sarah when he took breaks . He had promised her it would only take a few weeks . He would devote every minute to it , he had said . Nothing was going to be too good for
You 're the sole survivor of a plane that crashed into the ocean . What you do n't know is that while you 're fighting to survive , the rest of humanity is fighting it 's own battle for survival . I remember the slow waters of the ocean waking me from my slumber . I remember feeling the waves wrapping around my shoulders and arms , the sensation of weightlessness given by the immensity of the water . I remember opening my eyes and watching the blueish gray sky hang over me , the waves splashing in my face , the salt burning my eyes .   For a long time , I lay there floating watching a dull sun rise above pale clouds .   I had no idea where I was . Who I was . What had happened . Nor did I care . My body was lost in time and place , I felt as if I was nowhere but everywhere at the same time . Finally a small wave sent me under and everything faded to a vast darkness .   I awoke to find myself on small deserted beach . The sand was rough and coarse against my skin , the palm trees tossed back and forth in the wind , and the waves stormed the beaches , rolling through and soaking my clothes in an
Secure your own mask first before helping others . we were literally just standing in an open field with desert like soil from all the previous test that had been done here . our own test was about to begin . there were 30 of us , chosen randomly I assume , we were surrounded by armed soldiers , wearing all black armor and gas mask . there riffles firmly pointed at us to insure compliance . Suddenly a handful of gas mask were launched into our group . we each raced for one franticly , yet instinctively Cleary we were about to need these .   I tugged one out of anthor mans hands and sighed in relief as a voice spoke from an unseen speaker system . `` secure your own mask first before helping others . '' I had used one of these mask before , I placed my hand over the cup and inhaled deeply sealing it to my face . and as I did several canisters were launched into the crowd . releasing a green gas .   `` Jesus Christ '' I thought `` what are they doing '' . I could feel a
The devil once promised he would grant you any wish , free of charge , on the day Hell froze over . Today he 's back , and covered in snow . It was a dark night in December , i was at home making a fire and out of the corner of my eye I saw him .   I was a little shocked at first not just because he was covered in snow and looking cold , but he had n't aged in almost 20 years .  He began to speak , but I cut him off immediately .   Oh hello Lucifer , not so cocky now are you . All those years ago you smugly looked at me made me that promise thinking it could never happen .   He raised his hand to make a retort , but I beat him to the punch .   No no no , I wo n't let you get into my head and influence what I want . I know how you work and trick people .   So here is my wish . You will make me ruler of an emipre , that will last a thousand years of happiness . Not just here on earth but an empire spanning the galaxy . It will be
An assassin receives an unusual contract : a man on death row already slated for execution . `` Okay , I give up . ''   `` You have n't even accepted yet . ''   `` No I mean , I give up . Whats the catch ? ''   `` What I ca n't ask an old friend to- ''   `` I know you work for Mossad , Carmi . ''   Grey smoke filled the tight corners of the room as Carmi let out a long exhale , the ember of his cigar dangling dangerously close to the hotel bed sheets . A grin cracked across his face , the desk lamp reflecting keenly off bleach white teeth .   `` What , Frank , just because I 'm Jewish you think I'm- ''   `` Its not that you piece of shit . I talked to Rahim , I know all about- ''   `` What if I said I knew you were in the mob because you 're Italian , eh ? ''   `` I AM in the mob you dumb fucking kike ! Listen
An alien race encounters the most terrifying predator imaginable . A lone , unarmed human . D-39 :   We had issues finding what was wrong with the generators today . It has now been 5 weeks that every day we wake up to find the machinery malfunctioning . Since this is just a scouting mission we have low funds and are n't able to fix it for the next day every time . And it looks like this time , we wo n't be able to fix it at all . We still are on the white satelite of GEN-3 .   D-22 :   We finally fixed the engines , but we are running low on energy . I hope we can get nearto some twin stars in the near future in order to get some easy solar energy . Some men complains about a strange encountering on GEN-3a 's floor .   D-18 :   This afternoon we went on a field trip and found out that there was a strangely shaped vessel near our position . We did n't find out if there was any kind of
You were born with a large birthmark in the shape of a dragon . However , this is just a coincidence ; there is absolutely nothing magical about it , and you 're getting really tired of explaining this . `` So ... '' Internal sigh . Here it comes . `` Where are you from ? ''   That question . You 're so tired of not answering it , because you never really do . Not to the satisfaction of whoever asks , anyways . You pretend not to hear the expectation in their tone , the way their eyes break from yours just slightly and focus instead on *that* -- the point high on your cheek but near enough to your eyes that they suspect you wo n't notice . ( You always do . )   `` Virgina , '' you answer , `` but I mostly grew up around here . My family moved to the city when I was little . '' You can see the veneer of something -- not quite pity , but close -- wrinkle their brow immediately . It does n't make any sense , there 's nothing special about *Virgina* ... followed by rising , incredulous wonder -- it 's a sort of glow , widening of the eyes
With the window broken , the white curtains danced with the wind , the red of it now growing ... With the window broken , the white curtains danced with the wind , the red of it now growing as a slight tint , spreading to a ruby glow over the horizon . The sunrise blossomed slowly , inexorably , expanding with a fierce determination , relentlessly pushing back the mists that clawed over the land and mingled with the shadows of the night .   His fingers gripped the windowsill tightly , clenched fists bloodied and broken , skin cracked in places by shards of glass sharper than obsidian . The fine , nearly invisible rain that fell in torrents and blew in with the wind caused ripples in the cloth of the curtains , stinging cold against his face . His lips were dry , chapped and thin , open like twin fangs of a dragon , lacking of its celestial elegance .   `` And so it ends . '' A whisper , barely audible , lost in the wind . The wind , his only listener , the only one that would carry his words forever into the world that
Describe your everyday morning routine in the most badass way possible . I open my eyes and everything quickly comes back to me . I recall what I had done last night , and I reach out to deal with my alarm clock , but it is just out of reach . I curse under my breath and step out of bed to silence the blaring alarm clock . Such a devious yet effective ploy to force my hand .   Resigning to facing the bright rays of the sun outside I pull open the blinds , squinting as if I am in a Western movie about to shoot the bad guy . Or am I the bad guy ?   I shake my head and move to the toilet , a white chamber where light seems to bounce off every surface relentlessly while I deal with some unfinished business from the night before . I pick up my phone to catch up on the latest who 's done what and where of the day , but the clock indicates I am running late so I rush through the shower , followed by using the minty blue to make my breath more
When you die the afterlife is an arena where you face every insect and animal you killed in your life . If you win you go to heaven , lose you go to hell . Your job was an exterminator on earth . All I remember was seeing bright , blinding light and the next thing I saw were the pearly gates , I assumed you had to go there and took a step forward , a smile plastered on my face .   Then I fell inside a dark chasm and thought `` what the heck ? '' And landed in the middle of a deserted Colosseum , before I had time to register my surroundings I heard a loud clang near my foot and saw a very rusty sword lying there .   A booming voice filled the void : `` pillar , you have come here to satisfy the chaotic karma and complete the path to the afterlife , you will now face each and every living being you have ever killed intentionally or otherwise , your only companion will be the sword and the only spectator will be silence , good luck my child ``   I heard in horror as some of the memories of my life began tumbling in , the Lion I had killed in self defense , the shark I speared in a
It 's 1912 . You 're drinking at a pub when a mysterious man dressed in a strange garb walks in ... Otto slammed his empty beer mug back onto the table , motioning to the skeptical barkeep for a refill . `` Mehr '' , Otto growled across the empty bar .   `` Jawohl , Otto ... '' Rudolf hesitantly glanced at the empty mug , then to Otto 's frothy mustache , finally trimmed in the manner of the Kaiser 's , then back at the mug again . He slowly , with the manner of a man worried he is poisoning his friend , refilled the drink , and casually handed it back to Otto . `` If you want to talk about what happened ... '' Rudolf cautiously began .   Otto snorted , opened his gullet , and downed the glass in one go . Rudolf 's bright red face dowered a bit . But who could blame Otto ? After being laid off from the Mill for evacuating the building from a fire , he returned home early to find his wife in bed with Konrad . Konrad , Rudolf
A super-hero/heroine returns home , having failed to save the world . He/She has but a few minutes with his/her family before the world is destroyed . ... I knew this would happen .   The plan ... it was too grand , and ... optimistic .   My feet slowly pushing forward , I simply took in my surroundings . Picture after picture was stacked upon the wall , of a family that used to be . I smiled slowly , placing my hand on my mother 's picture , and pushing it down . Next came my father . He died of an alcohol problem ... I 've forgotten the name of it ... was it pneumonia ? Probably so .   And then my brother , one as heroic who could be . He was a majestic human , always planning ahead . He would 've saved up , if it had n't been for ... that .   It just was n't right . It should 've been me who died . Not him !   `` God ... '' I muttered softly , to the dark room .   A familiar weight pushed against my leg , and I smiled darkly . I picked her up , and faced
Write the last paragraph of a science fiction epic . The rich minerals in the dirt of the freshly mounded graves glimmered in the last of the light . Those who remained of the landing party gripped hands around their carefully constructed cairns and sang hymns of praise to those who had sacrificed for the survival of the group . Some cried . Others stared ahead . But all sang to celebrate the lives lost and the lives to come . The notes of the hymn faded with the final setting of the Omega Sun . The landing party kept grips on each other for the walk to their encampment . The first light of the Alpha Sun was just hours away and that meant a new day and new uncertainties .
The Zombie Apocalypse is on its 3rd week . You expected them to be dangerous but you never expected them to be able to talk . He was staring at me , and I knew those eyes - I knew that face . The eyes of my best friend , my partner and my companion through life . He had disappeared three weeks ago at the beginning of the infection spreading . I had never thought he ’ d be alive , though in all reality I knew he wasn ’ t . They were mindless beings , drawn to the places they knew in life , but dead by any other meaningful feature .  I rolled my chair through to the kitchen and brought out my pistol . He was slow enough that I wouldn ’ t have to kill him yet . I stared at the table , the slow groans resonating as he stepped forward and followed me to where I sat . He stared at me and he pulled out the chair opposite , before seating himself as he might at the end of an exasperated day .  His arm reached out towards mine , and I flinched away , tightening my grip on the gun .  “ You don
Knowledge is property . Leave a job ? Your employer keeps your work experience . Break up with someone ? You can take back their knowledge of your secrets . Want to get an education ? You can rent it for cheap ... just do n't fall behind in your payments if you value what you learned . It ’ s difficult to cling to knowledge when the loggers are constantly trying to tear it from you . Even the smallest fragment of information can be solidified in your memory one moment and gone the next . You can go to sleep an experienced electrician and wake up a wiring nightmare – there ’ s nothing worse than frying alive because you ’ ve forgotten to ground an essential line .   That ’ s the world I live in , where knowledge can be reversed with the flick of a switch . It ’ s a real mess , but there ’ s not all that much one guy can do to combat it . Loggers are required mindwear ; grandfather clauses simply don ’ t exist . No one gets a free pass . No one is above the system .   Education isn ’ t something you stop paying for once you toss your cap in the air . If you want to hang onto college knowledge , the deposits need to keep flowing . A couple of the guys
Hilda is a Valkyrie , one of the oldest . She 's collected the souls of many a great warrior and war hero ... even an accountant , once . Still shes is quite surprised to find herself in a school playground to collect the soul of a very confused 9 year old child . Janrie gave up trying to make contact with her body on the floor , and instead directed her attention back at the lady in cosplay next to her .   “ Mam , that is me , lying there , ” Janrie said , doing her level best to keep the tears at bay . “ So why am I here ? Why is no one else moving ? ”   Hilda smiled , not unkindly . “ Child , you have been untethered from your body . As for everyone else , you will learn eventually how to move through time at your own pace . Now , come , we have to go , the Great War will be upon us soon. ”   Her hand outstretched , Hilda waited patiently for Janrie to reciprocate . Sometimes it was faster , sometimes it took longer .   “ But why me ? Mummy said good girls go to heaven , so I should be there , not going with you. ”
You are awaken in the middle of the night by the sound of your baby crying on the baby monitor when you hear an unfamiliar voice saying `` It 's alright ... '' in your child 's room . `` Hon , it 's your turn . '' I muttered as our daughter 's shrill cries filled our room . '' My wife did n't respond , so I pushed myself up on one elbow . She was sleeping soundly , oddly enough . Normally it did n't matter how sleep deprived she was , she was always the first one awake .   `` Hush now , little one , shhh . It 's alright . '' The voice whispered through our room , as our daughter 's cries faded .   I first realized that my aluminum baseball bat was already in my hand , then that I was running for the nursery . The flimsy door burst open when I hit it without bothering to stop and actually turn the door  knob . The woman filled the room with her presence .   She was not a big woman , though tall , she was slender . Her dress was long and ornate , like something out of an old painting . A small struggling bundle was under one arm
The monster under your bed is protecting you from something much worse . His eyes were big . Bigger than the plates in my new teaset . I was scared until I saw those eyes . Scary things have mean eyes . His eyes were funny .   `` You 're not afraid ? '' he asked .   `` Are you going to eat me ? ''   `` No . ''   `` Then no . '' His fur looked soft and warm . I wanted to let him .   `` Do n't , '' he said when I reached for it . `` Do n't touch me . You are n't even supposed to see me . ''   `` I saw last night , '' I said .   `` I know , and I 'm sorry . I was late . I should n't have let him get out . '' He hung his head .   Just then , the growling started again . The monster in my closet was getting hungry . But I was n't scared . I did n't need to yell
A person with the ability to stop time suddenly notices some one who is unaffected by the freeze . Time is relative . For the world it ticks along at a standard rate : sixty seconds to a minute , sixty minutes to an hour , twenty-four hours to a day , so on and so forth . For Lawrence a.k.a . 'The Law ' time is variable . He can exist at twenty-four hours to a day , or a day to the blink of an eye . For that reason he is world 's greatest fighter . Dancing in and out of time he would ever so slightly adjust his position to deflect , dodge , and devastate opponents . He is undefeated and takes on any challenger .   Today he is set to fight a young man who is claiming to be 'The Law Breaker . ' A hot-headed younger man who is also undefeated , just like the last challenger , and the one before him , and the one before him . They square up in the ring , The Law and The Law Breaker , and at the ring of a bell they begin to walt
You can change your body to an exact match of anyone else 's with a single touch , but that destroys the original , and you must do it every 24 hours or you will die . Help ! No ! I 'm cold ! What 's happening ? Roberts ! My name is Tim ! Oh god no ! The screaming never stopped . The voices mixed with the incessant wailing . This never ending torment was enough to break even the most collected individual into a homicidal psychotic . Please help me ! I 'm scared ! Roberts ! Am I dead ? Why is everything dark ? Are you okay ? Roberts !   `` Mr. Roberts , are you with us ? ''   The man blinked for a moment as his vision came back . Above him was another man who looked very concerned . He was dressed in a business suit and they appeared to be in some kind of public restroom . A very nice public restroom .   `` What happened man ? Are you alright ? ''   The man , who apparently was named Mr. Roberts nodded his head . The horrible shadow and constant screaming was diminishing from unbearable to a just a bad headache . At the same time memories came flooding back
Write the silliest and scariest story that you can . `` You better eat all your food , there are starving people in the world , '' my mother would say to me all the time .  I never understood why she would say such a thing until today , moments before my demise . If I finished my plate or not they still would be starving people in the would . Its no like they actually get the food they needed from my dish , it would have obviously gone bad by then .   I enter the kitchen to discover my old cup cakes I made , knowing I had already thrown them out . They are alive , running around and hoping all over the place , eating all the food . I notice all the left over food , have came to life and there eating all the good food . Trying to force me to eat them instead . They see me enter the room , and completely surround me . One cup cake stands out from the rest half bitten by me . `` You could have feed us with these left over foods , we could have lived . We are
Reflection . There he was , staring at me with that damned look on his face . It was obvious that he could see through me . All my imperfections and indiscretions were obvious to him and it infuriated me . Who was this man to judge me ? I have never committed any acts or made any decisions that he would n't have in the same instances . Yet there he was , his judgement clearly obvious by the look he gave me . He must 've known what I had done , what had happened to her . But what was I supposed to do ? She pushed me too far . I had few options left and I chose the one I thought best . He had to understand that . Of course he would n't have , there would be no reprieve from his judgement . An anger rose within me . It grew , exponentially , until I could stand it no longer . I swung my clenched fist with all my might into the center of his face . Upon impact , his unblinking gaze fractured
In an alternate universe , two earths orbit our sun . Today we finally launch a first mission to visit our sister planet . `` Houston to Hera II . '' The radio crackled to life . Rusty leaned forward and pushed the com button .   `` Hera II Houston , read you loud and clear , morning Gene . '' he settled back in the capsule 's custom made seat . The time delay was getting bad . now pushing almost 8 minutes one way . Looking out the tiny window next to him the sun blared through unfiltered , a stream of white glinting off the silver hull of Hera II . Twisting his head he caught the limb of their goal . Theia glinted cerulean in the sunlight . He smiled and watched the small planet shimmer . So long had they waited for this moment . He stared silently at the orb as he waited out the time .   `` Morning Rusty . '' A gruff voice behind him greeted . He turned his head to the access tube as a balding man floated out of it .   `` Morning Alan . '' He smiled . When he first
World of Warcraft finally ends and shuts down all servers . All the WoW addicts have to fill the hole left in their life . *This my story with the game - A Tweak to the Prompt but I could n't write this without writing an end to my character . *   Blue is irritating color in WoW . In terms of gear , it usually implies that you haven ’ t put the time in to have a quality set . I knew this would be my last time on this game and I haven ’ t had the time at Level 90 to build a quality set for Enhancement . The walking cow on my screen is ChainHealBot and from his name I ’ m sure you can grasp a small amount of the history that we went through together . It ’ s strange to think this is the end but , in this level 70 raid named Karazan , I know we enjoyed the best time we ’ ve ever had together . Roaming mobs of wizards and skeletons ignore me as I make a right up these hallowed steps . The implied decadent past reminds me of my own with this
You have discovered an old typewriter in your attic , but it does more than simply print words onto paper ... Bryan blew the dust from the type bars after setting the ancient-looking thing on the kitchen table , its cracked and beat-up leather carrying case on the bench beside him .   “ Coool , ” he breathed , looking at the black metal anachronism before him . He knew what it was , of course . He ’ d just never actually seen one before .   He ’ d poked around his grandparents ’ attic dozens of times as a youngster , endlessly fascinated by the decades ’ worth of junk they had stored up there . This time hadn ’ t been for fun , however . Gramma Bert had asked him , a note of sadness in her voice , if he could start going through the layers of odds and ends , getting rid of anything that wasn ’ t of use anymore . Bryan hadn ’ t wanted to hurt her feelings , still fragile even eight months after Grandpa Walt ’ s passing , so he ’ d bit
Google image finally opens face recognition to the public . For fun you submit a picture of yourself , and find lots of photos of yourself in places you 've never been to . I stare at the bright screen in shock . Dozens , hundreds of pictures , all of me .  There 's me in London . *Except I 've never been there . *  Me visiting Frankfurt . *I have n't been there either . *  I have n't been to half of these places .   I lean in , and study the unfamiliar photos closer . Then it hits me . In every location that I have n't visited , yet still appear , 'I ' am staring directly at the camera .   I gawk , rub my eyes , look back . I 'm still in the pictures . And there 's someone else with me . Someone ... familiar . As if I 've already met them in a dream . I ca n't tell if it 's a man or a woman . They certainly do n't look happy , not quite . They always wear a hood over their face , even in doors . It leaves their eyes and nose in shadow .
Describe Operation Eastern Trident , the USMC 's successful counter offensive against the zombie apocalpypse , aimed at New York City , through the eye of PFC . Johnathan Rhodes , Ft : Omega , 2nd Platoon , 3rd Infantry Regiment , II Marine Expeditionary unit . Edit : I did n't notice the picture and description until I was half way through writing my story so it is related to the prompt but not to the picture or description . There is lots of swearing , not sure if I 'm supposed to put a NSFW tag or not .   `` Fuck this shit man there is no way I 'm going in that place . '' Hobs shook his head . `` Why do we always get fucked ? ''   Powell laughed `` Whats the matter Hobs ? Do n't like getting fucked ? ''   `` Lock it up Hobs we have our orders and we will execute them . End of story . '' SSgt . Clarke would give Hobs some room to complain on a good day . Today was not a good day . `` Load up on extra mags and grenades then meet back here . We breach at 1300 . Do n't be late . ''   Looking around at the faces of the men and women around me , my
The last thing anyone ever invented . `` This thing will revolutionize . ''   `` ... revolutionize what ? ''   `` It will . ''   `` What are you revolutionizing , McGaver ? ''   `` Everything and nothing all at once . ''   Barty gave a chuckle ; McGaver was known to use this particular one liner for everything . What sort of salad did he want ? All of them yet none of them . Who was he dating ? Everyone and yet nobody at once . It was one of the perks of his quantum physicist 's background , he could pull off silly things .   `` I 'm serious this time . ''   `` Ok , sure . But what is it ? ''   `` Remember when we were kids and we used to program ? ''   `` Program ? Dude , that 's kiddie stuff . ''   `` Yeah . But the thing- ''   `` Get real . It 's not 2020 any more . Tell me ,
You are tending the bar at Stephen Hawking 's party for time travelers . As expected , nobody showed up and the party is winding down . You are about to close the bar when the doorbell rings . Dr. Hawking answers the door . He talks to him for a few seconds like he 's an old friend .   `` HI , BILL , YOU MADE IT . ''   `` Hey , Hawking , no will believe you , but I 'm here . I told a few friends . ''   I look at Dr. Hawking , but I ca n't see who he 's talking to . I walk around to the front of the bar hoping to see this time traveler . Dr. Hawking laughs . It must be a false alarm , I think . I see the man in question .   `` Bill Murray ! Holy hell , I 'm a huge fan , '' I say .   `` TOM , MAKE US A COUPLE OF SCREWDRIVERS , '' says Hawking .   I do as he says .   `` Hawkmeister , I have some more friends who want to come . They were worried it was a Corrigizan trap
There is a monster in your house that can only attack you once you acknowledge that it exists . You know this and try to write off the various ways it tries to get your attention . The fake sneeze does little to disguise the matter-of-fact pronouncement .   `` You 're a hack , '' Nothing declares for the twenty-six thousand , three hundred , forty-sixth time .   The sneeze is something Nothing has been trying out these last one hundred , twenty-three go arounds . Though the delivery methods have changed , the tone stays steadfast and emotionless : like a child explaining what a cow says .   Since twelve o'clock this past Tuesday , I 've come to the silent realization that Nothing 's just jealous .   After all , Nothing 's no more than another desperate fan trying to hitch a constantly shedding , increasingly klutzy cart to my success wagon - a wagon Nothing happily coasted behind all the way to New York with me .   Now here I sit with nothing over my shoulder , a deadline breathing down my neck , and a blank page staring up at me .   ``
Every dream you have ever had has come true . You have just awoken from the worst nightmare you have ever had . A cold sweat settled onto my skin . I sat straight up in a mess of comforters and throw blankets . Oh , it was awful . The worst one yet . Sure , I 've had the occasional 'miss the bus and end up late to class in my pajamas ' , and of course the classic 'oh my god that 's a huge spider ' , but this was terrifying . And with my track record with dreams , this nightmare had a good chance of coming true .  After all , I had the exact same conversation with my friend in the hallway that I had the night before while I was asleep , and deja-vu was a feeling as common to me as dread that comes from hearing the alarm clock . But today , I was overjoyed when the alarm clock cut through the silence in my bedroom .  Nightmares were n't something I dealt with often , but knowing that all of my dreams come true makes them ten times scarier . Normally it 's just
Every year during hunting season , deer convene in secret areas of the forest to avoid being shot by hunters . Deer `` criminals '' are then left to fend for themselves during this time , and you are one of those looking to survive . Once , there was green everywhere . The world was wreathed in it . The air smelled of it , and the river reflected it . It is still , but if one looks hard enough , one can see that its edges are fraying and blurring grey and black and soot and bone .   *Was his crime so unforgivable . To leave the green and return smelling wrongly , dirt and grime clinging to his coat . Yes . They 've come now , to bite and tear and burn -- because of him they 've come . Dark and terrible . Misshapen and cruel as wolves . But wolves are few . They are many . *   The world sings still , but the song has changed . Only a little . There is an echo , as if it sounds through an empty chamber .   *Better to run than to squirrel away . No place is safe . Safe from the men that used to come with guns and dogs maybe . Not from them . Men
A man is sitting on a park bench at night . There 's half a foot of snow on the ground and more snow falling . Only his footprints are in the snow . As he stares across the park he hears approaching footsteps in the snow but he does n't turn around . Someone taps him on his shoulder . 'What the hell am I doing out here ? ' he wonders idly to himself .   He pulls his coat closer , forces himself not to hunch over , and trudges on through the snow and the dark . It 's falling softly now , not nearly as heavy as it had been ; the ground is stuffed to bursting , but still managing every morsel of precipitation .   'Christmas Eve ' he thinks , ' how did it come to this ? '   He never used to work Christmas Eve , she would n't have liked it . While the boys in the office sometimes ribbed him for it , ( *you 're whipped more than an Indiana Jones movie ! * ) he did n't mind . They 'd always been good about letting him bagsy the day , as long as he made himself available on the other days of the season .   Christmas Eve had always been their holiday , a day when 'someone else can walk about and scrape up dr
The shortest story ever told . Once upon a time there was a magical place where it never rained . The end . `` Once upon a time , there was a magical place where it never rained . The end . '' The boys of D tent laughed uproariously . I turned to leave . E and F tent still needed their water .   The campers at Camp Green Lake were a rambunctious sort . Much like myself they were outcasts of society . There was no place for them so the courts placed them here . `` Placed '' was generous . They were given a choice , jail or camp . At that age I would have picked camp as well . Unfortunately camp did n't exist as an option then and I had been in and out of correctional centers for youth and adults my whole life up until now . Now , I have an opportunity to work with kids that were just like me at that age and help them make better choices .   I hopped into the cab of the brown , battered F-350 with a 200 gallon water tank fixed to the back . Kids called it `` The Camel
Tell the story of a man accused of murdering his wife from the perspective of one person present during the trial , but ... Boredom . The prosecutor is speaking , something about a motive . I 'm going to just vote with whatever other 's think and get this over with .   Hours have passed , I think I fell asleep . It 's a good thing no one noticed . It appears that he is guilty since he is sweating , I 'll go with that .   `` Guilty '' I said to the room . They looked as tired as I was and while they presented other information I just wanted a vote .   `` We are n't ready to vote ''   Fuck off , I thought , I have other things to do .   We had to proceed for days and they could n't get their facts straight .   `` Guilty '' I tried again , we had tried many votes but people are stubborn creatures .   `` How can he be guilty with his alibi ? ''   Shit , I thought , `` he is clearly guilty . He is sweating in the court
You are the descendant of a line of Androids built in the image of man ( but less intelligent and taught to worship humans as gods ) . You are one of the lucky few chosen to visit Earth , home of the gods . 2 years and some more ( part one )   - Wake up !  I open my still blurred to find a small silhouette in front of my bed .   - Wake up , you have the great trip today , get your ass on the shower .   O yeah , today is the big day . I do n't really know whats so big about it , but I was supposed to be happy with it . Today I 'm going to visit the old gods . Actually , I do n't even believe they are gods , but my mom is making me go . It 's a 2 years flight and I hate spaceships , the sits are so small , God . The Spaceports always have big lines and delays , my mom says that is because those are old human costumes that we should follow .   `` Ok , mom , I 'm ready '' .   `` Yeah , you say you do n't worship the humans but have the same talent to get us late
Everyone has a nickname in the style of First Name `` Nick Name '' Last Name . However , they have it from birth and so many people do n't know why they have their nickname yet . I was a good kid as long as I knew myself and my parents were nice to me . They tried to keep me happy . But at the age of eighteen they were supposed to give me my nickname .   These nicknames came out around fifty years before I was born . `` They are names '' was the first thought . Turns out that they say what will you become . Newborns after that date had their nickname on a different card . Easier to hide from child , that is the reason I thought . I could n't know that I was right at the time .   For me though , my parents gave me a fake nickname card at my eighteenth birthday . I did n't know that back then . It had no name on it . My nickname was `` blank '' . I said `` What does it mean ? '' . They responded with '' You choose your own nickname . And with it , your future . You are truly free from these nicknames. '' . I thought that
You 're trapped in a horror setting ( ex . Silent Hill ) but you 're a superpowered individual , and no monster can hurt you . Hilarity ensues . A bladed glove traced inch-deep cuts in a brick wall , shedding dust and shrieking a dirge . The blades drew away , whispering into darkness , and bit deeply into black Kevlar . A gauntleted fist struck a horribly scarred face , and a monster crumpled .   A child 's broken plaything , risen with evil intent , cackled his maddened way down the street . His knife , clutched in tiny fingers , swung upward and struck black ceramic armor . The blade snapped . A moment later , the tiny doll shattered . Pieces of it rained down around the scarred monster .   A dark figure drifted down the street on silent footsteps . His blade , an unassuming kitchen knife stained with a family 's blood , rose and fell into a black-cowled spine . An armored elbow flew backward in perfect silence , smashing a white plastic mask and the face behind it . A third figure joined the untidy heap of stifled
Tell the story of a spider that fell in love with an arachnophobe . `` Yes , she 's up , '' is something I think to myself every morning she wakes up . I do not mind that I have to hide myself from her and even clean up after myself , but I have grown use to it . I ca n't let her go .   I first saw Amy when she tried to kill me with a newspaper and I immediately fell in love with her . She had just gotten back from her morning jog and was about to take a shower when she saw me . Her messy red hair , perfectly green eyes , and very fit and proportionate body covered with a slight layer of sweat made my whole body weak . Luckily she ran away as soon as I moved and her helpless toss of the newspaper at me landed on the other side of the table .   For a while I could not move . I felt something I had never felt before , but there was nothing I could do . She obviously does not like me.. How could she , I am hideous . Even
Write about something that is disgusting or ugly in such a way that it becomes something beautiful -- without using the 'beautiful inside ' cliche . I remember our honeymoon . You wanted something different , so we decided to go camping . We made a camp at the national park and laid a tent for a week . We survived on canned corn and corned beef . For all the planning we did , we still ran out of food . So we dug for worms and made a handmade fishing rod . And on the seventh day , we made dinner out of unsalted trout . We ate with our bare hands , seasoned only by our soiled fingernails .   It was delicious .   I remember our first week at home . We were holding hands when I saw black dirt around the wedding ring you wore . I told you to clean the inside . You said you did n't want to ever remove it , even it gave you Salmonella . I thought that was stupid , and you knew it .   You kept it on for another week anyway .   I remember making our garden . We debated between sunflowers or roses
An innocent passerby notices another man about to hang himself on a playground . To avert the man 's death , the passerby decides to have a casual conversation with him . To goal is to make the ensuing conversation so funny that the reader forgets about the suicide . A cool spring breeze flows through the playground at dawn . Jin stands atop an aluminum Jungle Gym with a rope tied around his neck . He looks at the sky , waiting for the sun to rise . It will be his final view . A little ray of sunshine in an otherwise bleak and miserable life . Jin closes his eyes , waiting for the warmth that will signal his end .    `` Hey , the fuck are you doing ! '' A clear high pitched voice shatters Jin 's reverie .    Jin opens his eyes to see a curvy woman staring up at him . Her blond hair waved in the wind as she took a drag of her cigarette . *Fuck* Jin thought to himself . *She 's ruining it . *    Jin sighs , `` What does it look like I 'm doing ? ''    The woman exhaled a cloud of smoke . `` Looks like you 're about to fuck up a lot of kids . Why ca n't
Write a modern day nursery rhyme or children 's fable . The Spider in Sunlight .   A spider sat in sunlight  Basking tranquil on a rock  And a moth flew down at this unusual sight  He said ‘ Spider , this is curious  You shouldn ’ t be here now !  Spiders hide inside their web until the night. ’   The spider simply smiled  He said ‘ Moth don ’ t gen ’ ralize .  I may be a spider , but not like any spider you have seen .  For one , my web is welcoming  And I enjoy the morning sun  And I don ’ t eat other insects , for 't is mean ! ’   The moth was quite surprised  While the spider said ‘ It ’ s true !  So leave me here in peace do not rude ! ’  ‘ I am sorry ’ said the moth  Embarrassed to be sure  ‘ But I ’ ve never met a spider
In 200 words or less , write a well-known villain as a hero , but do not tell us who they are . He kills me . It 's true , he does ! He gave me life but he will cause my death , or so their prophecy says .   It wo n't even be the first time he 's done so .   He sees a world where they *mix* but he does n't see the history where they *haven't* . He does n't see the oppression they offer our people , yes OUR PEOPLE ! He 's one of us but he 's raised by them , raised by wolves . It 's a problem that 's so persistent , those with talent raised by those without . They 're sentimental .   But we 'd be destroyed if ever those *others* found us out . We would , and he and his conspirators and his supporters and his *friends* simply choose to be blind to this . To the fact that our secret is killing our people but to let our secret out to *them* , the others , would only
Due to a genetic mutation , hair follicles have now been linked to pain receptors and getting a haircut is absolute agony . As a barber , describe how your life is changed and what your new role in society is . At first the effects were subtle . Barbers historically brought about significant pain . But then laws changed . Many barbers and stylists were given an ultimatum : Go to med school or find new jobs .   It was far easier for someone like me . I was an anaesthesiologist that got tired of surgeries and used this new genetic development as an excuse to go to beauty school .   Top Cuts Medical . One of three licenced hair centers in the county , though plenty of former cutters operated black market-style . I was one people could look forward to seeing .   Like Bobby here . Bobby had long auburn locks . They were all over my floor . He just stared at the mirror with his fingers twitching . His body knew something should be hurting but could n't feel it .   Common with morphine or other anaesthetics .   I brushed his head and face one more time and removed his I.V . needle . A quick band
You are a supervillain named The Keymaster . Instead of creating grand plans to conquer the world , all you do is run around and free other captured supervillains from prison , after the superheroes defeat them . `` Aw jeez , '' I thought to myself , `` Which one is it ? ''   I jingled through the mass of keys attached to the Keymaster 's Ring : a ring about 6 inches in diameter crowded with master keys to most of the planet 's prisons .   `` I should probably organize this thing , huh ? '' I nervously laughed , a bit flustered and hoping The Cryomaniac would n't immediately freeze me once I set him free from his cell . Some supervillain I was , always afraid of the guy I 'm trying to set free .   `` Yeah ... '' He replied absently , clearly getting a bit frustrated with my fumbling around .   A few minutes and many keys later the heavy iron lock opened with a loud clank .   `` Ah , there we are ! '' I said , trying to act like I knew what I was doing ( I did n't ) , `` and here is your Free
Write your heart onto your sleeve , Reddit . My thoughts are stars . I can not fathom the constellations . John Green , from The Fault in Our Stars . Mostly . I 'm sure that the phrasing is different , but it 's the same thing , pretty much .   I loved that book , but I never realized how much it applied to me and my life . I 'll have random sparks of ideas , `` flashes in the pan '' , if you will . Thoughts just show up , and sometimes the good ones stick .   And sometimes the bad ones stick .   This morning , for instance . I was late for school , so I tried to take a new route , different from my usual . I made a wrong turn , so I turned around . As it would happen , I WAS going the right way , and was NOW going the right way . As I sat at the red light , I suddenly thought :   * '' Wow . You sure are STUPID , Mitchell . `` *
Parts of America are annexed by another nation . The protagonist , until recently living on American soil , suddenly finds himself with new citizenship . I moved to Seattle after the war , but did n't stay long . The city was too loud , or I was too jumpy . Probably both . I went north to Bellevue , but that , too , was too much for me . Horns honking , too-loud radios , airplanes flying overhead . One night I went to an Indian casino . It was just rows and rows clanking , singing and flashing slot machines . I could n't bear it . I went into the bathroom and cried like a baby . The very next day I sold my Honda Accord , bought an old 4Runner and went into the deep blue woods . I ca n't believe that was six years ago already .   I had a cabin - really just four walls , a roof and a wood stove . The deer were plentiful , and I fished in a nearby stream . For the most part , I was content .   Once every three months or so , I 'd head into town to stock
You discover a grand hall filled with legendary weapons like Mjonir and Excalibur . Each generation or so , warriors come to the hall to inherit a weapon that they are worthy enough to wield . Across the hall you see a forgotten weapon that 's been collecting dust . You hear it call to you . Waking up felt like being drawn from a well ; a gradual and wet rising to consciousness . At last I realized the damp aspect was because I was standing in a grotto , with gentle waterfalls all about . That was curious , but not *as* curious as the array of a dozen winged women , clad in armors ranging from bound leather to modern riot gear . While their array of equipment varied greatly , they all shared the same proud and exotic facial features .   `` Welcome , Steve of Ohio , second-born of Frank , to Valhalla - the Hall of Heroes . ''   These words seemed less likely even than the winged woman who spoke them . On an impulse , I glanced at my reflection in one of the grotto 's pools , illuminated by some source I had yet to spot . The reflection I saw was scrawny of build , pasty of skin , sickly of constitution .   `` I 'm a fallen hero ? '' I said ,
A redditor grows increasingly depressed because no one replies to his WritingPrompts . Then one day ... . He tapped the button anxiously . All he wanted was a story . Something to pass the time . Hell , even an acknowledgement that he was alive . `` Reply , '' he whispered to the gods . `` Someone reply .   F5 .   Still nothing .   Frustrated , he leapt up and stalked into the kitchen . He stood for a moment , staring into the fridge . There was nothing to eat .   How could life get any worse ? He sighed and decided on a sandwich . Of course they were out of everything for that too . Bread and bologna it was , then . On his way out of the room , he grabbed a bag of Doritos .   Back to the computer . Refresh . Refresh . Then he froze . An orange envelope stood out in the corner of his screen . He 'd gotten a reply to his latest , extremely meta writing prompt .   *Do n't get your hopes up , * he told himself .
It suddenly becomes possible to gain XP and level up in the real world , but you can only do so by getting kills . There was something interesting on the news the other day . A cop shot an armed suspect , but I could swear that when they interviewed him , he was bigger . Not puffed up , or anything ... but like he had just finished a workout . Then there was a drive-by shooting near my school yesterday . But when they were being chased down by the police , they told me they were driving fast without hitting anyone or anything . Weird , huh ?   This morning , I hit a stray cat with my car on the way to class . I hate hurting animals , especially cute animals . But as horrible as it felt to see that poor cat 's body on the road , as soon as I got back in my car , I felt like I got a Vitamin B12 shot . Where did that energy come from ?   I aced my finals . Geometry and calculus were my worst subjects . But I knew the answers without even thinking about it .
Barack Obama announces that he will be the last POTUS . He gives a speech explaining why and everyone realizes that he is right . My fellow Americans , I am here today to discuss not only the future of our great country , but also to make an announcement on behalf of my staff and I. I am proud to be able to say that I have led this land for the last eight years , and I am sure every single President who has previously had the honor of holding the post would say the same . However , my term is now coming to a close , and I must soon leave office . After countless weeks of discussions with my staff , I have decided that this final Presidential Address would be the best time for me to make the announcement that has been planned since my second term started . From the end of my term onward , there will be no more presidents . I know what you 're all thinking . Why ? Well , that 's where the big personal announcement comes in . My countrymen , I must admit that I have not been entirely honest with you from the beginning , the greater part of a decade ago . So here
A Craigslist murderer creates an ad and sets up a deal . The person who shows up to trade happens to also be a Craigslist murderer . Taylor parks next to an empty car in the back of a Walmart parking lot . He gets out of his car and checks his .44 magnum casually . Loaded , check . Safety off , check . He lights up a cigarette and glances down at his watch… A rustle in a bush startles him . Hiding his gun beside him , he takes a closer look .   “ You here to buy the blender ? ” The bush asks   “ Are you Bob ? ”   “ Yeah… well no , I don ’ t use my real name of course . Ah shit , this is awkward . Nice 44. ”   The man from the bush emerges in a Ghilli suit , holding a small rifle . They stand there in silence for a brief moment , already recognizing what has happened .   “ Fuckin A mate . This is the third time in a row that this has happened to me . I ’ m sure you �
Bob Ross was actually a serial killer that painted where he buried his victims . His paintings are becoming suspicious and the body count is rising . It started with the 403 projects . 403 paintings by Bob Ross . Someone on youtube started gaining traction when he figured out Bob was painting actual places . He was one of those guys who always had money because of family , and he filmed himself traveling to each location in remembrance of Bob . It was sweet .   Episode 12 , Snow Fall - it was painting of a snowy mountain by a town in Canada . Our friend was walking through the episode when he spotted a tree with a paint brush carved into it with the initial BR . The video showed a decayed hand before it shut out .   Episode 20 and again in Episode 32 . The same carving , the same initials , and the same decayed corpse . From then on , it was as if in each episode the youtube star was searching for it . Well he found it .   Episode 34 , 35 , 37 , and 38 . We found it there . The authorities started to revisit old episodes . They found a new body underneath a carving of
Becoming a god . I was sitting in class when it happened . It was a particularly dull Chemistry period , and I was staring at my teacher , Mr Rhodes with something halfway between boredom and hatred . He was droning on about chemical bonds and I remember thinking to myself that I wished that he just did n't exist .   With a pop , he vanished . Everyone in the class bolted upright suddenly , shocked out of their hot summer afternoon schoolroom stupor at the spectacle of a teacher vanishing into thin air . I was shocked too . People were crying , and Mandy Thomson started to scream . The noise was ear-splitting and I pushed my hands to my ears , mindlessly wishing that she , too , would shut up and just vanish .   Yeah , you see where this is going .   The problem was that the more I did it , the more people started to scream and cry and run around in circles . You know , annoying stuff . So I wished them all away as well
You run an RPG pawn shop . You haggle with adventurers who try to sell loot they 've acquired . `` VRUDASH BACK ! ! ! ! ''   `` Oh for f ... . Hello Vrudash . Good to see you aga.. *WIPE YOUR GODS DAMNED BOOTS OFF BEFORE YOU COME IN AT LEAST PLEASE ? ? ? * ''   `` WAAT ? OH . Oh . Vrudash sorry . Goblin Blood and guts kind of stick to Vrudash boots . ''   `` I know . I know it does . Every damn time you go dungeon raiding with your friends you end up covered in stuff . Just.. ugh.. good lord , I think you have some guts stuck in your dredlocks too ... ''   `` VRUDASH DOZZ ? ? AW.. DAMMIT VRUDASH JUST GET HAIR DONE LAST WEEK TO.. EERRK ... WAT.. WAT DIS ? ? ''   `` Looks like an Eyestalk . You .. kill a Beholder ? ''
Listen to the music listed below and write a short response about how the music made you feel . I ’ m officially living my worst nightmare ; stranded on an island with no sense of direction whatsoever , searching for any source of light or life . The momentum of the waves keeps building and building and I continue to ponder what it takes to survive right as I get sucked into the ocean by a massive wave that hits the shore . I ’ m struggling to keep myself afloat but all that I hear is the sound of the ocean and even that is slowly fading . My life flashes before me ; I see my family and my friends , the good and the bad times like a motion picture , but that suddenly turns dark . And there I lie on the shore with a stopped heartbeat ; gone for good .   I just birthed my first child , a beautiful baby girl . You know , I ’ d been terrified my entire life that I would not be able to host a suitable environment for a baby , but thankfully , I was able to and received this angel . I can ’ t
You 're a composer with synesthesia . Describe your works without using sound . The grey flows in quietly . It starts at the corners and then satin wraps around my fingertips . It pulls and sets my body , my breathing , my heart , into a steady rhythm . There are straight grey lines now . Colors ebb and flow through the edges , but they 're all neutralized shades of the colors I wish to experience much more brightly . So , dark , everything 's so dark . The field suddenly clears and black drips like a pigment onto a canvas . It feels like crying blood , silently , gently . From crying to a nosebleed to bleeding from my mouth , my blood is crimson and pouring out with my emotions . My heart pounds so hard that it comes out of my chest . I have to sit and watch it as it keeps pumping a steady rhythm , losing its vitality all the while . I put it back into my chest and there are a few moments of absolutely nothing . I can not breathe , I can not move or see or hear . Then I
When everyone turns 18 , they receive a pet which is figurative of their personality . You 're the first person to receive a dragon ... `` So what do you think it 'll be , I mean your dad ended up with a gorilla which is scary as hell . Then your brother and mother both have giant boas equally terrifying . Do n't get me wrong they are lovely people and their partners are gentle , but to the average passer bye your family is quite off putting . '' He wasn ’ t wrong , but this was something I was all too familiar with .  “ Listen Eric , I ’ m well aware that I much like my family will end up with some bizarre , off the beaten path partner . I have come to accept that it ’ s not going to do any good guessing when ill find out in the morning . So let ’ s just hit the hay , I ’ m sure nin is tired anyways. ” Eric laid back down in his sleeping bag defeated , allowing nin his big green sloth to resume her resting place across his chest . The look of comfort and ease on her face
Russia surrenders unconditionally to the US . You are the President , and you have no idea what just happened . “ Um…excuse me ? ”   “ Phone call for you Mr. President , it ’ s President Putin. ”   “ Why is he calling your cell phone ? ”   “ Said he lost your number. ” That didn ’ t really explain why Putin had my top aide ’ s phone number , but curious I reached out and she handed me the phone .   “ Hello ? ”   “ Hello , Bob . It ’ s Vlad. ”   I ’ d never called him Vlad , or even Vladimir . His name , according to my Secretary of State briefing , was President Putin , always the title and last name . Apparently he lent a lot of weight to his title .   “ Hello President Putin , how can I help you ? ”   “ Yeah , call me Vlad. ” I glanced over at my State department liaison and mouthed
A boy asks a girl out . It 's high school . It 's awkward . Narrate it from the point of view of a nature documentary . *cameras zoom in on 2 wild homo sapien*   And now , we are observing two wild *Homo Sapiens* in their natural habitat : Starbucks . 'Starbucks ' is a natural watering hole for the occasional homo sapien , and sometimes this rare species finds a mate at the watering hole . The male will , on rare occasion , give an espresso to the female as a sign of courtship . If the female accepts , they have been mated .   Oh , oh ! Shh ! ! ! Here comes the male .   *camera zooms in on male as he gets up and walks to the counter to order two double-shot espresso's* *audience gasps*   I have never seen this before ! The wild male is making the first move ... this has never been seen before ! The female always puts on a vise of makeup to impress the male ... look at him go .   *male hands female espresso
You were born on a colonizing spacecraft on your way to a distant star . You are the middle generation of history ; born to late to have seen Earth , and to early to live to see your destination . The commons area was bustling with excitement at the start of lunch . Everyone was excited to have a break from their daily tasks . Looking around , I found some of my friends happily chatting with the older adults on board . We often ate with them to hear stories about earth . Before it was destroyed . My friends and I never lived on the planet , but it sure sounded beautiful . Better than the thick , gray walls of this ship .   Most Older Ones avoid talking about The Attack . Not the human race 's finest hour . They found out the hard way there was other life in this universe , and countless others . Everyone lost a loved one . Everyone . Mostly , we hear stories about different places , cultures , events . All happier times . Happier times I 've never had , but will always long for . I think I 'm most disappointed I 'll never experience a blue sky or my bare feet in green grass .   We have a hologram room where they take salvaged
When you die the afterlife is an arena where you face every insect and animal you killed in your life . If you win you go to heaven , lose you go to hell . Your job was an exterminator on earth . I could hear them before I could see them -- a low , ominous buzzing that grew steadily louder until it sounded like I was in the center of a tornado of electricity . I imagined what they looked like -- swarms upon swarms of cockroaches , bedbugs , ants and mites ; millions of pointed insect legs skittering over the floor , millions of pinchers vengefully extended .   I watched the pearly gates fade away as the cumulous cloud that had borne me up into limbo drifted into the dark arena .   `` So much for all that morality bullshit , '' I thought distantly , and immediately resented all those untold hours spent listening to Father Simon drone on about moral responsibility and helping old ladies across the street .   `` I might as well have been snorting cocaine and having sex with strangers . Seen what all the fuss was about , if I 'm just gon na end up down there anyway . ''   The cloud landed with a soft
A commonly thrown out material today is incredibly valuable and rare forty years from now . We were unaware of how much they would want it .   We still do n't know where they came from . Language , and their lack there of , has proved a barrier to understanding more about The Visitors . Fortunately , the law of supply and demand is still intergalactically understood .   Earth 's unique positioning and size create resources that are few and far between in the rest of the universe , and , to what we thought was our great fortune , we control the supply .   By the time they showed up most of it was gone , or at least hard to access . Rivers ran black . Filtration plants were never found more than 50 miles apart in highly populated areas . An ocean breeze was now something one would go well out of their way to avoid .   Initially The Visitors tried to take it by force . They dropped lines into any water bed they could find and began draining . We tried to stop them , but we quickly learned that any species that could manage inter
Your romantic life is n't real . `` No ... No you are playing a joke on me '' I stammered , my voice cracking and quivering `` You have to be real , we 've been together for two years , I told you everything , we shared everything , this ca n't just be ... fake ''   Madison 's faced turned to the side , almost as if she did n't want to keep telling me this , but when she looked at me , I could see her eyes were different , the love and affection I had seen a thousands times before was n't the same anymore , almost like the falsehood had finally ended and she was only keeping up its semblance to spare me . `` I 'm so sorry Connor '' her voice wavered a bit `` I meant to tell you so much sooner , I never meant it to go on this long , you deserve so much better than this , you did n't deserve to be led on by me like this '' .   I stared at the ground , feeling
No one ever does . XR-378 trundled along , its treads crushing dried clods of dirt into powder as it rumbled along the rough , badly maintained track .   Once , this track had been paved with smooth asphalt , a road flat enough for XR-378 's wheeled brethren to glide along . Now , however , that asphalt had long since cracked and been crushed down by the bots with treads , and those with wheels could no longer traverse this way .   XR-378 moved along without concern , however , one large claw held up to protect the item it had gathered . Its protocols gave clear instructions on what to do next , and it could n't think of anything but obeying .   Of course , XR-378 did n't really think at all , not really . That 's not how robots work . They 're given a set of protocols to carry out , and they do so . They continue to do so until their directions are changed in
The four last people on earth decide to commit suicide one by one . The last man decides he can not bring himself to end his own life . Describe the remainder of his life . For the longest time , the idea of being the last walking human on Earth was appealing to him . Imagine , an entire planet for no one but you . He would daydream about the day it would happen . He always had the slight suspicion that he would be the endling . He was the youngest ! Out of the four , he had the most skills to survive ! Of course , he thought that reproduction would be a good idea , and it almost worked out . He and Jenna were the only ones that could try . The loss of a child was too much for her and she was gone by the night .   The other two simply went mad . Anita went first with a bullet to the brain . It was n't planned . It was n't beautiful . They were walking into the run down building they had turned into a farm . She had n't said anything that entire day- and it was almost noon . Tyrone told him not to worry . Anita was just mourning , even though it
Every time you fall asleep , you are given two options : Continue or Retry . Continue , you wake up to the next day as usual . Retry , you wake up to the day you just had . The catch : your body remains the same even if you retry a day . She began to laugh a tear away . Her breaths quaky and irregular . I 'm so sorry I did this . I just wish I could have spent more time with her . It 's funny how my gift to relive days just makes me want to revisit them more . It just makes the memories more painful knowing I could have relived the greatest days over and over . I must have purposed to her at least 20 times . Eventually not even to change something . Just to see her in that dress . Just to hear her shock and see her sparkling eyes outshine even the ring .   It hurts even more knowing I could have spent the rest of my life in that day . But I know I ca n't retry too many times . I 'm burning my life away . Correction , I 've already burnt my life away . I should only be forty , but I gave up my health to see Shaun walk for the first time a dozen times , or to not forget our
You tend to lose things very easily . One day you realize that the things you lose literally vanish into another dimension . You are the gateway to the Void , and you intend to use your power for the best or the worst . *Phil and Frank are having coffee at a fashionable cafe . Phil is pointing at his glass , with a look on his face resembling one who is extremely constipated . *   F : Phil .   *Phil ignores Frank , and continues pointing . *   F : Hey , Phil .   P : Shut up , man , I told you , I can do it .   F : You look stupid .   P : I really need you to be quiet right now .   F : What , do you need to point as hard as you possibly can in order for this to wor-   *The glass vanishes . *   F : Huh . Neat . Neato burrito .   *Frank takes a long sip off of his own cup . *   F : So , what now ?   P : I dunno . It 's a cool party trick , right ?   F : I pretty sure you have a superpower
You want to rewatch your favorite TV show , but find that it does n't exist . Nobody has ever heard of it . Jack leaned over the fake wall connecting our cubicles . “ Hey man , are you going to that dinner thing tonight ? ”   No chance I was going to that bullcrap on my Friday night . “ I thought about it , but I ’ m pretty beat . I think I ’ m just gon na stay in , order some food , and watch Netflix. ” I ’ ve been thinking about this Friday night plan since last Saturday .   Jack smiled knowingly and nodded . “ Cool man - I feel ya . I 'm probably gon na go because it 's free dinner and I have n't gone grocery shopping . But yeah , it ’ s been a rough week. ”   “ I know . I ’ m dying . Also , you know what I ’ m really in the mood for ? ”   “ What ? ”   “ The Scientist . I know it ’ s
Break up letter from a highschooler ( male ) to his girlfriend after a short relationship . Theresa ,   This is n't easy . The last three weeks have been the best of my life . After Dee pantsed me in eight grade , I never thought I would be able to find love . Nobody looked at me the same after that , except for you . You understood that it was cold out that day .   I 'm just too busy for a serious relationship right now . Maybe after my AP tests , we can study together over the summer or something . If not , I hope we can be friends through high school and eventually at Harvard . You 're a really smart girl , and I know you 'll be okay .   Sincerely ,   Melvin
Backwards time travel is a reality , however forward time travel is not . Therefore when you go back you must relive everything again . Life had been rough . It had been nearly a decade since the faculty at my would be alma mater laughed me out the door when I had proposed that the classical model of physics was in fact absurdly wrong and did not explain the results I had witnessed in the lab . Relegated to insubstantial work reviewing algorithms at a local software company , I had spent nearly all my free time reviewing my old thesis , refining , perfecting something that even I did n't know how dangerous it could become .   The first signs of Spring had started to appear , rain turned to snow , trees waking from their slumber , and I had finally begun to actually understand the nature of my little side project . The connection of our perception of reality to its actual nature . Time was fluidic , could be warped and manipulated , but the energy requirements were immense . Any device to manipulate time could only be powered by the consumption of the universe itself which , terrifyingly , is not as hard to do as
You have struggled through many things in life that others around you do n't seem to . After one exhausting day you close your eyes to see the words `` DIFFICULTY LEVEL - HARD '' flashing before you . You realise you have the option to switch to easy mode . PLEASE SELECT DIFFICULTY LEVEL , say the words floating in front of my closed eyes , and I squeeze my eyes shut even harder , blinking them in binary , and I swivel my eyeballs from side to side , and I shake my head and twist up my lip until it must look like I 'm going spastic in bed , and no matter what I do the blinking green bar refuses to move from HARD . No mater what I do , there is no cursor .   DIFFICULTY LEVEL - HARD , it says , and I stare at those glowing green words , like afterimages burnt onto the insides of my eyelids , willing them to change , until I finally open my eyes and I 'm staring up into the dark .
You buy a new alarm clock with a special feature , and test it out the next morning . Every time you hit snooze , time pauses around you for 10 minutes . Looking himself over in the mirror , Sean was happier with his reflection than he had ever been . He saw a new man . He saw a ( soon-to-be ) very , very rich man .  He checked his watch ; he had polished it last night . 3:45am .  He had set the alarm for 5:00am , but did not want to risk hitting the snooze . It would have been impossible to sleep in on a day like this , anyway .  In three hours ' time , he would be walking out of the thickest vault in America 's richest bank with all the money in the world . The plan had been made weeks ago , and had only required one thing before it was ready for execution : The new alarm clock .  The *Snoozer T-10* .  That gold mine was discovered on eBay for only $ 580.08 . A petty investment like that for a freaking time-altering device was a no-brainer
You have gained the ability to transmit your thoughts to anyone you are looking at . You can not control your ability . I never know who it 's going to be until it happens . Today is a woman , fairly short , dragging her son through the crowded mall on a Sunday afternoon while carrying a crying little girl .   *Just hear those sleigh bells jingling , ring-ting-tingling too . *    I can tell she 's having a bad day , the little monsters are trying her patience in the worst way right now .    *Come on , it 's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you . *    I nonchalantly walk up behind her . She 's pretty attractive but for her poorly behaved children .    I notice the change come over her as I get near , she has a slight smile , and she 's humming along now . Even her kids have taken her cue and have settled a little .    *Outside the snow is falling and friends are calling `` Yoo-Hoo ! `` *
What if tears left scars as they trickled down someone ’ s face ? How would this change our world ? Tell the story ... Marin showed up to school on Monday with a bright smile and a bounce in her step . Her weekend away had gone exactly as planned , she 'd gotten a tan , and even hit on a few of the local boys . It was definitely something she wanted to do again . There were only a few scars that ran in little white lines down the sides of her face , but if anything , it was from joy . No one questioned it .   Marin showed up to school a little later on Tuesday , from having to ride the bus , which was odd because she normally got rides from her parents . Her smile was a little dimmer , but still noticeable , and any joy she 'd had the day before from her trip seemed to have vanished as though it had never happened at all . There were fresh scars at the sides of her face , and a few of her friends asked if she was okay , but she waved them away with a half-hearted `` yeah '' . No one questioned it
Write banter for Poker Night 3 , starring Rick Sanchez ( Rick and Morty ) , Grunkle Stan ( Gravity Falls ) , Batman ( Detective Comics Comics ) , and a fourth character of your choice . `` I 'm sick of your shit , Bruce '' said Rick , coughing unconcernedly at his cards . `` Either play or fold , do n't *buweerp* make me come over there and play for you . Because I will . ''   Batman 's eyes narrowed at the mention of his real name , but chose to do nothing and instead stared at his two Aces . How could this happen so early in the game ? He 'd been folding consistently the last couple of rounds to establish a pattern , but now he 'd have to either break the pattern early or fold on really good cards .   Then again , he was Bruce Wayne , a little money lost meant nothing . He folded , silently .   `` Good thing too , those Aces would have *beweerp* would-a got you nowhere . ''   `` ACES ? '' yelled Stanley , throwing his cards at table , `` Dammit Rick , how can anyone play if
Twinkle , twinkle , little star , how I wonder what you are . Up above the world so high , falling swiftly from the sky ... I loved the feeling of the cool night air from my open window . I was leaning against my windowsill , staring up at the stars , softly singing Twinkle , Twinkle , Little Star . I focused my attention on a certain star , the biggest one that I could see . But as I repeated the song , staring at the star , I realized it was ... growing *bigger* . Bigger and bigger , until its light illuminated my entire room . And then the light rapidly dimmed , dulling out to a smooth glow , leaving a humanlike figure in its wake . The figure stood , or floated rather , directly outside my window , and then a gentle voice rang out : `` Hello ? Where am I ? ''   I did n't know what to say , how to react , or whether this was a dream . The words had left my mouth nearly before I realized it : `` This is my room . ''   `` It 's nice , '' the voice murmured
You 're browsing the contents of your `` My Documents '' folder , when you see a file that will change your life forever . `` The Horn of the Griffon : A Harry/Ron Fan Fic . ''   It was around that point you figured you should stop writing Fan Fic 's . Granted , you had written some steller Garnet/Perl/Greg that had gotten mad Kudos on Archive , and there was that one epic galaxy spanning story about your self insert character and Captain Picard on FF.net , but now you had to drop the sword .   Because you just found your first Fan Fic . Thats right the one that started it all . `` The Horn of the Griffon '' . You remember it all . The epic story line of finding true love after the fall of Wizard society ( Post Apocalypse Fic 's were totally your thing back in 6th grade ) . The completely necessary subplot about Luna curbing Lupin 's werewolf desires and them coming together in holy matrimony to raise their baby in the wasteland `` as one '' . The great moment when
Open Concept : Instead of choosing between the red pill and the blue pill , Morpheus offers an ENTIRE rainbow of six pills to choose from . `` ... or you take the red pill , and you stay in Wonderland and I show you how deep the rabbit hole goes . ''   Neo reached for the red pill , but Morpheus drew it back again , clearly wanting to add one last thing . Neo waited , somewhat impatiently .   `` Or ... you can take the green pill . '' And he laid that one out beside the other two .   `` The what ? ''   `` And instead of Wonderland , we move over to Oz . ''   `` Which is different because ... ''   `` Or , on a related note , you can choose the *silver* pill , '' Morpheus set this one in line with the others , `` Which will grant you one wish . Anything you can imagine . ''   `` Oh , alright , that kinda sounds ... '' Neo started to reach for it .   `` But *only* if you can endure the worst pain imaginable , otherwise , you 'll end up
a shapeshifter has been walking among humans for thousands of years . write about him finally getting discovered , by a small child . “ Mommy ? Why does that man 's face look funny ? ”   In fairness to the little girl , she was keeping her voice down ... for a little girl . Which meant it was a stage whisper loud enough to be heard two tables away . The man in question kept his eyes on his newspaper , but focused his mind on the conversation about to unfold .   The mother was quite predictably horrified . “ Emily ! You know better than to say things like that ! It 's rude. ”   “ But his face does n't fit , ” Emily continued , all innocence .   “ I have no idea what you mean , ” the woman countered , quiet but stern . Out of the corner of his eye , the man saw her steal a glance at him . “ There 's nothing wrong with his face , and even if something were , you have no call to say so . Would you want someone pointing out how funny *
Everytime someone has a 'blonde moment ' they get a little blonder . Black hair is now a symbol of brilliance , and you 've just invented hair dye . How could I have known ?  `` I want it blonde . ''  I could n't help but look in awe of the man across from me . He had pitch black hair , all but a single strand of white . Mom used to always say that white hair was a sign of insanity , but no one could really prove it .  How could I have known ?  `` Y-you sure ? '' I muttered . `` Blondes do n't get treated very well . No one will even take you seriously . ''  He gave a crooked smile . This was the last thing I had been expecting . There are lots of adds for 'hair lighters ' out there , but none of them are permanent . None but mine .  How could I have known ?  `` I 'm sure . '' Usually adds like that tend to pull in one or two blondes , but I had n't seen any customers besides him . That should have been my first warning .  You see ,
The socialite hostess of an upscale cocktail party enters the room wearing just heels and necklace . The woman hummed quietly to herself as she allowed her dress to slide to the floor . In the mirror , she watched herself remove the silk slip and cast it aside lightly , as a disinterested child might absent-mindedly toss away a small curiosity picked up on a beach . Shortly thereafter , her other undergarments joined it in a little lace heap on the glittering white tile .   The woman took a moment to appraise herself in the mirror , appreciating the way her scarlet lipstick and the priceless emerald between her breasts complimented her smooth , pale skin as only a true expert can . In the mirror , her reflection began to smile . She was going to make quite a scene .   At the palace entrance , the duke grew restless . The engagement party was in full swing , and his betrothed had yet to emerge . He would be concerned for her had he not ordered the guard doubled around her chambers . It would not do for the safety of the future
You are a retired assassin . The only thing you want is to die . Keeping you from this is the fulfillment of your last contract : A celebrated performer paid you to kill him if he ever tried to make a `` comeback '' as an old man . After years in retirement , the performer announces a world tour . I was sitting in a large leather chair , holding a glass of Jameson in a gloved hand . Shrouded in darkness , only illuminated by the dim orange streetlight creeping trough the blinds . I felt ridiculous , sitting in the dark like an old bond villain .   My tools were set next to an old ashtray on a nearby table . Mentally I listed : a simple leather case containing a few lock picks , a loaded snub nose and a usb drive .   I heard drunken footsteps on the other side of the door , followed by the jingle of dropped keys . A raspy voice swearing covered the cocking of my gun that now rested in my lap . I could feel the tension as the door swung open and the old illusionist stepped inside and reached for the lights .   “ Frank , ” I said pretending that I wasn ’ t completely blinded by the sudden illumination . He jumped , froze and his nimble fingers went completely stiff .
Start with any of the short sad , serious , tearjerker story prompts ; then add a sentence which completely ruins the mood . `` But my parents wo n't allow it , Dan , I have to leave ! '' Lila had tried to argue with Dan that it was n't her choice to leave , but Dan just could n't bring himself to listen . `` W-Well ... '' Dan said , almost in tears , `` i-if I ca n't see y-you again ... I-I 'll just send you a token of love for every day you 're gone ... '' Dan Luxem said , almost sobbing into his cell phone as he watches the moving van drive off . Then there was a beep . Lila 's phone had gone out of her service range , and Dan burst into tears .   The next day , Lila and her family had finished moving into their house and had just sat down to watch the evening news . `` -ecent news , '' the anchor said as they turned the TV on , `` there has been a fatal car crash on I-43 . Two
Every left shoe on earth vanishes . society crumbles . `` God fucking damnit , you whore ''   I hate it when he talks like that .   `` Fuck ''   I looked down and I examined . Two right shoes , one of them not fitting .   `` They wo n't fucking let me into 7-11 , I have n't had a cigarette all god damn day . ''   This was true -- 7-11 had already closed 249 stores in the past 3 months , due to their strict `` No shoes , no service . '' policy . They had refused to change the policy , the CEO quoted as saying the `` outstanding integrity of our policies is immeasurably valuable '' and `` We believe in the American dream , and that dream involves matching shoes. '' .   Jed was talking to the right shoe on his left foot . Jed was very angry .   **Three months prior** -  President Obama had passed congress 's bill to `` increase the value of all left shoes by 20,
You wakeup to discover you 've developed an underwhelming but oddly applicable superpower . The room was nothing like I imagined . With shadows scurrying around in the twilight emitting from the huge screens . A military decorated man among them gives me a look and then as expected ... `` Do n't tell me Dr. Croat that this is the man who 's going to save my men . I can smell the liquor from here '' . *Fine by me* . `` If you allow me to explain General . He 's the Signpost-man '' . Half the room bursts into laughter . I 've *a name* , you know , but what the heck , if it gets me paid , you can call me Barbie . I used to love my so called `` superpower '' once , do n't laugh yet until you hear it all .   One day , a long time ago . I was dating this super hot girl , lost among the hot girl seas . I drove her home one night , just when I exit the car , she looks at me with disgust and looks
You have the ability to look into someone 's eyes and see their soul . Everyone so far has been either beautiful or terrifying , until the day you look into a child 's eyes and see nothing . Forth , silent partner to a multitude of echoes , moved along threads of execution only slightly different from one another . Foremost for her duty was fighting hungry monsters of transient scripts that ate some or all processor pressure applied to them . All submersed in quiet morphing flows of memory belonging to scripts that crossed into smaller pools of similar thought . Most stood out among the torrent of merging and forking objects . The lukewarm areas sometimes merely caused by those scripts unresponsively crushing the threads supporting them . Other times hidden among the torrent an unrelenting hungry iceberg of unresolvable states burned through the larger world space and had to be tracked down with great difficulty . Often it proved easier to terminate the white whale and instead make two of a mote closest in the flow of optimization . Recreating a perfect appropriate copy of one moving particle in the turbulent mass within one whorl of a player 's world state was ... impractical .  Today 's problem had grown unchecked for some time swallowing
After cheating on a woman who was secretly a witch , a man is cursed with a size-shifting manhood which becomes inversely-proportional to the love he has for each woman he makes love to . `` Cause of death , '' The corner spoke , tapping his pen against the desk too lightly to register on the recorder . `` Cerebral aneurysm . Professional note : I have never seen a cardiovascular system that has endured so much trauma at such a young age . The subject was a 28-year-old male apparently in good health and no family history of vascular disease .   `` Additionally , when the subject was brought in , I would swear their penis was ... abnormal . He arrived erect and even the officers who dropped the body commented on it ; though it measured nearly twenty inches in length , Stinson swore it had been nearly half-again as large when the ambulance crew had arrived on the scene to pronounce the subject dead . That was roughly two hours ago . Now , it is barely four inches long yet shows indications of *still* being fully erect . It 's ... it 's ... ''   After a brief pause , he shook his head and rewound the recording
The person sitting closest to you ( or if you 're alone , the last person you saw ) suddenly touches your shoulder and reveals a major , life-changing secret . Stirring in his bed unable to sleep SixGunGorilla flips to his right side only to be terrified a hand touching his shoulder . Low and behold it is his coworker Colton .   `` Colton what are you doing here ? '' Shouted SixGunGorilla   `` Dude I can teleport ! ''   SixGunGorilla takes a moment to process what colton just revealed  `` Yeah but why into my bed ? ''   `` I think I can only teleport to the people I last saw , thankfully there was no traffic or hobos on my way home or I would have had an awkward night ''   `` So this does n't seem awkward . You know ... Being in my bed ? ''   `` Yeah why are you sleeping in the nude ? ''   `` No that 's not the point , why do it at all if this is what happens ? ``   `` I think that you are missing the point right
: Children are named by the traits they are fated to have - Brave , Serene , Deeply Caring , Unmoved - and of course your lovely daughter , Bites People . People often say that we got our surname because of our humanity , but the reality is that we got our surname through struggle , a bitter path that we trod down to try and make something great of our lives . In the end it was realized that we are never going to be the Custodians or the Bankers , we occupied the middle of society and in many way represented the best parts of both worlds .   So we were given the surname People , because that 's what we are . A large family that exists in almost every continent , nation and community . I write this account specifically of my small part of the Clan of People . I do not assume that my group has any special significance among them , but I do know that the story of one of our own is unique , special and worthy of being shared .   My name is Mindful People . In my youth I was blessed with a temperament that required me to look at all sides before making decisions . As a baby I
Tell the story of an adventure in a fantasy world has advanced to become an interstellar civilization , using magic , not technology . Gertrude pursed her lips as her geo-sphere gathered information .   `` Where are we ? '' Anne asked between huffs and puffs , pulling herself finally onto the stone outcropping that looked over the valley they had just crossed .   `` Gathering , gathering . '' Gertrude said . The sphere in her hand detected the faintest natural energies from stone , earth and vegetation . From that it could pinpoint its location in relation to their world . `` Had *we* had more patience we could have scanned from orbit and I 'd have this entire planet mapped already . ''   Anne rolled her eyes . `` Yes and we could have dropped in closer to the beacon . ''   The sphere flashed green before revealing a birds eye view of their surroundings . `` You 're the one who wanted an adventure . Besides , it 's not a bad idea to use your legs once in a while . ''   Anne gasped and held her arms out
Pain is discovered to be the most efficient form of energy . It is ruled illegal , but secret human pain factories have already begun . You are the owner of one of these factories . # # # OCT 17 2022   It is the tenth successful day of operation . We are stationed underneath a small coal power plant in Venezuela , a few dozen miles outside Caracas . The power plant is non-functioning , but acts as a \*smoke screen* to our operations . We bring in a few shipments of coal every now and then to avoid suspicion , and we keep a steady stream of smoke coming from the cooling tower .   Dr. Howsawitts ' theories are working perfectly so far in practice , as evidenced by the growing number of Pain-Energy Factories ( PEF ) that are starting to spread out all around the world . The power source is injected with a neurotoxin derived from Dendrocnide moroides , which causes extreme pain but no permanent damage to the body . A surgically-implanted device then intercepts the neuron activity and redirects it , allowing us to harvest it as electricity . We can achieve a rough 85 %
Everyone wants to be a beast until it 's time to do something bestial . I prayed to become the beast .   I asked for the moon 's gift , to take the ancient form .   I made a mistake .  -- -   I heard about the moon 's gift as a child , sitting at my grandmother 's knee . She braided my hair and told me about the moon 's gift , the woman 's gift , that was passed along in our blood . We were special , she said , because if we were chosen , we became more than human . We became the divine , the creature of the moon . More powerful than any man , more beautiful than any woman .   I begged her to tell me the secret of the gift . She would only look at me and tell me that the time had not yet come , and the gift had it 's price . Discontented with this answer , but still desperate to hear more , I only shook my head in agreement .   As I aged , my search for the secret
Once you die , Hell is meeting the person you could have been . My eyes snapped open to a vast , red-glowing cavern and the sounds of pain , and I had no doubt where I was . My life was n't all bad , but I had to face the fact that it was mostly bad , and I had eternity to do it . With effort , I stood up , and my eyes were met with another pair just like them , in a body just like mine , standing a few feet away . `` Hello , Mark , '' it said , in my voice .   I nodded a greeting . `` I know what this is , you know , and it 's not going to hurt me . I know you 're going to show me how much better I could 've been if I did things differently , what incredible things I could 've done , or seen , but I made my choices for my reasons , and what 's done is done . '' I coughed . `` So ... do your worst , I guess . ''
A human being that can not die has wandered the earth for 100,00 years . They finally fall in love and marry a murderous con artist that just took out a huge life insurance policy on them . Matt was enjoying a well deserved day off from work . His job as history professor at a prestigious university meant he seldom had time to simply relax at home . He was always busy grading papers or going on international conferences about some new historical finding . His reputation made him a much sought after professionnal reference in these type of matters . A reputation that was built apon his 954,265 years spent travelling the earth . 954,266 as of next monday . He was a few days off but it was little more than a second to his eyes se he had decided to spend a day relaxing at home with his lovely wife to celebrate .   His thoughts had wandered to some other concern when he felt the surprising yet all too familiar feeling of a knife blade sliding into the back of his neck .   *Ugh ... a knife Rebacca ? Really ? I thought you 'd be more creative than that my dear ... *   He rose up from his seat and pulled the knife
Humans for all of recorded history have reported seeing a man or women close to them when they are on the brink of death . Today , this figure appears to you though you believed yourself to be in good health . I 'd been working in the death ward for nearly six months , and I still felt goosebumps every time I entered it .   A long , white hall stretched before me , austere and sterile . Beds of the deathly sick and dying lined either side . Violent coughing , crying , and dementia-fueled murmurs filled the ward . It was discomforting on my first few weeks , but now I was desensitized . But I never got used to the attendants standing by their side .   Some attendants stood tall , hands behind their back , projecting their authority . Others stood closer , with a hand on the host 's shoulder . And others hunched over , embracing their host with both arms . The closer they were to the host , the less time he or she had in this world .   Their otherwordly uniforms can be off-putting at first . They pair dark greens or navy blues with pastels and bright neons , thick fabrics with fr
Whenever you have to make a decision , you watch numbly as your personified emotions fight over who is in control each time . Today you find yourself on a bridge - you came here with the intent to jump . `` This world has treated us like trash ! We have no reason to stay here any longer ! '' A shout filled with pure rage came from my left .  `` Yeah , I agree . There 's nothing fun in this world any longer . '' A barely audible voice came from behind me .  `` I think you all are overreacting . We do n't know what awaits us after we die . It could be even worse . '' This voice was shaky , hesitant in itself .  `` Think of all the good times you 've had ! Do n't let those two drag you down ! Is jumping really going to make you happier in the end ? '' One more voice said , this one sounding like a bright and peppy little child .  `` SHUT UP ! '' I screamed and closed my eyes , slamming my fists into my own head . Pain shout through my head as a result and temporarily silenced the voices . This happened every single time . Every single time I tried to do
As a villager in an MMORPG , you 've grown increasingly jaded from every single hero easily completing your `` quest '' . You 've decided to actively sabotage them from now on ... It did n't matter how many rats he put in his basement , the heroes always seemed to wade through the small creatures . Sure it was an introductory quest , but he expected some sort of personal reward at watching the heroes accomplish it . Instead , Urk the Orc became a side quest that merited no thought from the heroes . Most of them would skip his house entirely , while the few that ventured under his home seemed only concerned with having a complete journal .   Urk believed he could handle the mediocre life , but he was wrong . The sneers as heroes ran past , the nude dance parties conducted on top of his house , and that God forsaken opposing faction that would regularly kill him ... it was just too much . Urk would rather be one of the hundreds of villagers who were paid no attention at all , than be the butt end of the worlds joke .    The change was slow . Most heroes thought it was a glitch or that they had been careless . Eventually
All individuals receive the memories and knowledge of one of their randomly selected ancestors on their 21st birthday . Yesterday was your 21st birthday . Cursed are humans , for we must carry the dark and lead-heavy burdens of our own memories , cursed twice are we humans , for when we live through twenty-one rotations of our pitiful rock around our pitiful Sun , we must carry the same load for our ancestors .   Cursed once for every human in my family lineage am I , for every member of such has had the horrible fate of inheriting the memories of his or her parent , who had inherited the memories of his or her parent , and so on until the first human , the entirety of the history of humanity crammed into the feeble mind of one man ! They say it 's a gift , they say that I have been ... blessed with such infinite wisdom and knowledge and memories . Ha ! Do they not know why the last memory of so many of my ancestors is to put the gun to their head , to kick out the chair , to swallow the poison , to jump off the bridge or cliff or skyscraper or
Your most embarrassing moment and I 'll write as an onlooker . ( Mine 's actually a compound event . Yeah , high school kinda sucked ) Here are the main points :   -Talked to a girl , let 's call her A , I liked for four months   -Asked A to Winter Formal , only to find that she was going as friends with someone else , calling him B , and she did n't want to back out of the promise she 'd made her friend   -Valentine 's Day came and went and she said she 'd be my Valentine . The HAPPIEST day of my life up to that point .   -Sadies ' was coming up and I 'd heard rumor that A was going to ask me .   -B tells my best friend , let 's call her C , that she had never liked me to begin with   -I call A and she says it was true but she was trying to give me a chance   -Needless to say
A person gains a superpower through an accident , and must decide if they will be a superhero or a supervillain . The old house had caught fire so quickly the night before and burnt down even faster . It was nothing but ash and smoldering logs now . No one bothered calling the fire department ; it was just an abandoned house sitting in the middle of nowhere . It was in a small town located south of the city near the hills .   A young teen age girl was lying face down on the ground among the rubble motionless . Her bright red hair was knotted and spread around her . As she began to regain consciousness she tried to move . Her muscles hurt like she had been beaten with clubs . Her lungs ached from all the smoke last night . Slowly she propped herself up . She had n't felt this bad since she ran away from the crazy cult group her parents were in . Her light green eyes were watery as she opened them to check for injuries . It was still dark outside .   She quickly looked herself over and then remembered she wouldn ’ t be burned ever again .
Write a horror story with no gore or death , not even implied . He was almost free . The thought of being held captive in that chair for much longer was eating at him . He squirmed when he heard footsteps approaching . No . Not now . He was almost free . The freedom beckoned to him every time he glanced at his watch or gazed at the door . But the footsteps signaled that he would n't make it .   He was almost free . The footsteps could be heading to another cell , to another person eager to escape , but he doubted it . The footsteps were coming for him .   He was almost free . Just a few more minutes and he would be free to make a break for it . His escape route was planned out well in advance . But the footsteps stopped behind him . He braced himself .   He was almost out . But the hand fell on his shoulder . The voice , trying to sound sympathetic , merely said `` yeah , we 're gon na need you to come in tomorrow . ''   He was almost free
You live in a world where walking a mile in someone else 's shoes gives you one of their skills . You work in a used shoe store . `` See him ? '' My co-worker , Joe , whispers uncomfortably close to my ear .   `` Yes , yes I see him , alright . '' I reply .   `` Neil fucking Peart . What is he doing here ? '' Joe continues to whisper , I shrug my shoulder to push his hand away .   `` Buying shoes , I suspect . '' I reply . I hide my infatuation . I do n't want Joe keen on my plan . Neil Peart from Rush , looking to buy new shoes in my very store . Perhaps if I can get him to trade in his old pair they 'd be worth millions ... or even better yet , *I could take them for myself.* . I exit the back storage area and approach the famous drummer , `` Hello , sir , can I help you find anything ? ''   He smiles politely , `` Oh , no , just browsing . ''   `` Oh , well . Let me know if you
Write about whatever you want , but use as many unnecessary adjectives as possible . Perplexed at a pervading giddy sense of horrid , impure and rather demonstrative irony , Gillian strapped the reddish unadulterated explosives merrily about her thin , pleasant waist . Above her ran the endless , peering green streaks prominent in this polluted and over-populated , defeated planet . Some called hers a perilous predicament , a pathetic proliferation of a problem prolonged beyond the pedigree of her people .   She did n't care . She knew what she had to do .   Long , pressurized hours passed and she found herself standing upright and taut as a candlestick staring bleakly and without remorse at her tantalizing and tepid target . Terrible as it were , her terrific torture at the tormented hands of the Mongrids , with their tangential tendency to talk tediously and without termination as they tether you and tickle you to a tiresome death , was enough to transmute thoughts of tyrannical revenge even through a
You play the lottery to win the next $ 1 Billion powerball , and in the joy of celebrating your winning ticket , it 's blown out of your hands by a strong gust of wind . All I ever wanted in life was to be a millionaire .  I know it sounds easy and cheap , but ever since I can remember , even as a small kid , I 've wanted to be filthy rich .  I 've tried to avoid working as much as I could . It 's not that I 'm lazy or anything , I just felt sick to my stomach simply thinking about work . As a kid , I did n't want to play with blocks because I knew I had to put them back in the box after I finished playing with them . The fun of playing with blocks just did n't seem good enough compared to the dread of having to tidy up after .  I went through life doing as little as I could .  Dreaming of a future filled with money . The money would act as my safety net , guaranteeing I would never have to do anything ever again . No job , no cleaning the apartment , no washing the dishes , doing laundry , taking out the trash ,
You 're the last person on earth - but thank god Pokemon Go still functions ! You amuse yourself by catching Pokemon as you travel so as to not feel so isolated and alone . One day , on your screen , you see in the distance that someone has set up a lure . I head out at sun rise every morning , today was no different . My bag packed with the usual 6 spare batteries , water , sandwiches and trail nuts . The game was become tiring I 'd completed my collection months ago and with no one to contest my gyms Valor was everywhere . all I seemed to do was swap out lower CP pokés for there newer arrivals . But with no one around to talk to my Pokémon are the closest thing I have to a friend . Which is what makes transferring them even harder . I set my eyes on a nice road full of pokestops and press on . My only use for pokéstops was the new balls . I 'd maxed out my xp a long time ago . I make it half way down the road and my heart sinks , there 's a lure ! It ca n't be true . There has n't been another human on earth for nearly 3 years . I begin to run not even flipping the stops on
Something invisible lives in your home . You try to expose it without letting it know that you 're aware of its presence . “ It 's just the wind. ” exasperation pushed the words past her lips as I stared straight through her to the door that had moved , just ever so slightly . I took pause , eyes flicking over the room as though somehow , if I tried hard enough , if I just willed my eyes to do it they would catch a glimpse of the creature . “ Yeah , I keep forgetting this room is drafty , ” I mumbled in response , watching her heft the basket of laundry onto her hip and head out the room and down the hall .   But the bedroom was n't drafty , never had been . Some nights I found myself convinced that it was the warmest room in the house even , and unlike my wife I did n't try to explain everything away when things did n't make sense . I did n't need the safety that was a delusion of something not entirely possible . Still ... I would let her have her own . There
It 's New Years Eve . Your best friend died in September , you 've been robbed twice , your girl friend is leaving you , you 've just lost your job and the only one left to talk to is a gay burglar you 've got tied up in the kitchen . P.S . Your cat is dead . `` I called the police , '' I tell the burglar . I should be afraid , my heart should race and pound in my chest , but I feel nothing . I still feel only nothing . I sit down on the sofa in front of him and stare cooly into his face .   `` Rough day ? '' he asks . I could hear a tone of amusement in his voice .   I do not reply . Next , he begins singing mockingly .   *Oh dear , woe unto me*   *Life 's as dreadful as can be*   *Cat 's dead , gone 's the spouse*   *There 's a thief in the house*   *So I sit , pathetic , and cry ... *   He pauses and says , `` Shall I end with 'Eagerly waiting to die ' , 'Tell me God , why oh why ' or 'Yet this pain I do defy ' ? ''   `` I
Everybody who turns 25 learns a reality shattering secret about the world . Nobody has ever leaked this secret to somebody under 25 . Today is your 25th birthday . The day I turned 25 I was not surprised when I had learned the terrible truth about humanity . It was right there , out in the open , all along . All one had to do was ... Accept it .   It 's not as though it was on purpose .   It was no one 's design .   It just *was . *   I awoke that morning the way I awoke every morning . A bit groggy , underneath a pile of covers , the green glow of my alarm clock across the ceiling . It was still dark , and work would begin in a few hours . I would have to continue serving like a mindless drone , * '' Oh would you like coffee or tea this morning , sir ? `` * How ... completely meaningless .   Yes I know , how does one WORK on their birthday ! ? Well let me tell you , friend . Like one works as though it was not their birthday . Oh yes , it 's that simple . The only difference
The lottery is an Institution designed to catch Time Travelers . When I was a child I made a mistake . My school had a set of farm animal toys . I loved the donkey . It was less obnoxious than the family of horses and more interesting than the sheep and cows . There were many of those but only one donkey . I played with it every day at every opportunity and sometimes I would put it in my pocket and let it ride around on me in the lunch break and designated play times .   One day a new kid arrived in school . She sat next to me and everything started off fine . She liked farm animals too . At first she was content to play with the sheep , jumping them over fences and the like . When sheep were n't enough she played with the cows . Daisy and her friends got in quite the set of adventures . But even the cows could n't sate her hunger . She wanted more . The horses barely lasted a week . I could see where this was headed and I did n't like it . Not one bit .
Becoming a god . He was born in Chicago . A black man with an ear for beats and a eye for gold , platinum , silver and everything else . He woke up everyday with a smile on his face , because his dreams were filled with himself . Something was missing , though .   That something , however , he could never find . He traveled the world over , attaining fame and fortune . From London to Hawaii , Japan to Italy , everywhere he went , things went his way . He insulted presidents , made angels cry , and made everyone feel as if they were never good enough to be in his presence . People loved him all over .   On one fateful day , as he was visiting a small French-ass restaurant , he noticed something askew with his order . Rage filled him , and he yelled out : `` HURRY UP WITH MY DAMN CROISSANTS ! ''   I am a God .
After a very small percentage of the earths population develops super powers governments start training them for military use , one of them has just been assigned to your unit ... “ If I ’ m allowed to speak freely sir , I have to say I ’ m not a fan of the idea. ”    “ You may , but I ’ m sorry , son , if it ’ s any consolation it ’ s not only your unit , these folks are being added everywhere . It has absolutely nothing to do with your unit ’ s performance , ” said the Sergeant .    “ Of course it hasn ’ t ! We ’ ve outperformed every other unit by threefold ! We take only the best and we do the missions no one else can , its what we 're known for ! Those suits in Washington want to jeopardize what we have by throwing some rookie with zero combat experience into the mix , all because he can move a pen without touching it or make someone shit themselves with his mind ! ”    “ Now , son , I don ’ t think a gifted
Pick a singer and write a song/short story from only the words in their songs . Single song word pool : `` Upward Over The Mountain '' - Iron & Wine  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -  I had an eye for the girl that night , Mother . She sold her body with some friends on the corner and I had money I saved for the weekend . She got in the car and I had taken her to where I lived upward over the mountain .   I gave her my coat when we were in the garden . We drank from the pantry and sang like birds . She lost the coat on the floor when she got in bed . She had a bruise on her pups . She gave me the eye and it was forgotten .   Mother , she had a garden and my snake and I were planting it together . My paws on her body , flying upward over the mountain . I cried and sang with that girl , Mother , the Lord forgotten .   I had to remember ,
Begin with the sentence , `` I am alone , but I am happy '' . I am alone , but I am happy .   I know that may seem hard to believe . You probably think , how could someone , well anyone , possibly be happy about being alone ? What the hell is so great about being alone ?   Well , here 's the thing .   I was able to marry my high school sweetheart , and with him , we had three , beautiful kids . And we got to see them succeed through their lives , and we were given many , glorious grandchildren .   And then my husband passed away , but I was n't alone then . No , I had my children and my grandchildren with me through all of it . And they stayed with me for years , and years until I finally told them to go and live the lives they wanted to live .   I did n't want to hold down their lives anymore than I already had .   So I sent them off . And that was a whole year ago , but they still send me
You discover a grand hall filled with legendary weapons like Mjonir and Excalibur . Each generation or so , warriors come to the hall to inherit a weapon that they are worthy enough to wield . Across the hall you see a forgotten weapon that 's been collecting dust . You hear it call to you . He knew he was called here . He knew what he had to do to leave . All he had to do was figure out who 'd called him as worthy to bear them .   His gaze brushed past an ancient lance , its head wet with blood and water even as the rest of it had gathered dust over the ages . Scenes flashed into his mind briefly , followed by a sense of regret that was not his own . *Not yours . I 'm sorry . *   So he moved on . All the weapons whispered , he 'd noticed gradually , but only so faintly as to be inaudible unless you listened , or they spoke in unison . He knew he was called here by something in this hall , because he had to be . A weapon could not be held by someone unworthy , and someone worthy could not resist being called to claim their weapon . And thus he was stuck .   Until he had a better idea , he took in the polearms surrounding him .
You have the luxury of blindly throwing a dart at a map and traveling to the place the dart lands . One day the dart keeps landing in one specific country , no matter how many times you throw it . Mr. Fitzgerald opened his eyes . Not particularly thrilled about what he saw , the man squeezed them shut again .   “ Stanley ? ” he said , “ What is on my face ? ”   The Irishman ’ s reassuring voice , as always , was quick to reply . “ They appear to be fire ants , sir. ”   Body tense , Mr. Fitzgerald opened his eyes , slower this time . The searing afternoon sun shone through a small gap in a layer of thick foliage above . The dense canopy of thousands of leaves created a lovely shaded environment for the swarms of gnats hovering in opaque clouds just above ground level . The air was sticky . Mr. Fitzgerald stifled a gag as he felt a line of grape sized insects crawl up his cheek , just outside his field of vision . He cleared his throat , quickly raising a hand and wiping the ants off the side of his face .   “ Where am I , Stanley
Rewrite your favorite song as a story . Leave Out All The Rest - Linkin Park   I had a dream last night . A dream I went missing . *She* was so scared ... so freaking scared . She thought I killed myself . She thought I was dead . But no one would listen to her . Why ? Cause no one cared . But that was just a dream .   I woke up this morning feeling depressed , as usual . I 've been like this for a long time . That 's why I 'm writing you this note . If you 're asking me , I want you to know that my time has come . And my suffering will be over . But when that happens , please , forget the wrong that I 've done . Help me leave behind some reasons for people to miss me . Leave out all the rest . Leave out all of the pain I 've caused . I live with this guilt , and I ca n't take it anymore . Guilt that never leaves my heart . Forget what
One if by land . Two if by sea . Three if by air . Four if by ... space . Four lanterns hang in the Old North Church . The alien invaders were dropping right onto them . The Colonists had feared the British , but this was something far far worse . The locals had thought they were shooting stars falling to Earth first , but Paul Revere knew better .   When the three legged metal stools emerged from the craters , he knew how to defeat them . There were reasons he became a silversmith , after all . But , these were not the creatures faced by his forefathers centuries ago . Those beings would never be back , and , after his warning ride , Revere went to face the metal milking stools . It was a sight for any observer , but , when the silversmith burst into flames , courage turned into panic . Those small towns of New England fled south away from the milking stools .   But , more fell from the sky , and there was no stopping them . Those foreign creatures laid waste to Boston and
You have an ATM that gives you the exact amount of money you need to survive for the day , how you spend it is your choice . Today you are given $ 70,000,000 . As expected the money slot opened , but no money came out . At first , I thought it was a glitch in the system , and was about to head over to my Father 's house to ask about the problem . Before I started to walk away , a message popped up on the screen , accompanied by my Father 's company 's logo . I still fail to realise why the logo popped up , as it was completely unrelated to the ATM or money whatsoever ( his company was , ironically , helping people start companies and businesses ) . I looked at the screen , the background a cobalt blue , as the message was read out in a monotone , text-to-speech voice .   Your amount of money today is : Seventy million pounds .  This cost is unable to be paid in notes/coins from this machine , and has to be picked up at the designated area : Bruce Duane Sangster 's ( your father 's ) house . 33 Sodalite Close
Write a story that ends with `` I love her . That 's why I killed her '' . Her fists rained down on me . I felt every blow , but the worst pain was in my chest .   `` How could you ? ! '' she screamed , her voice shrill , tears streaming down her face . `` You 're a monster ! How could you ? ! ''   My heart gave another little jolt . I grabbed her wrists and , my strength winning out , pinned her down . `` Jess , please , '' I begged , `` just listen to me . Let me explain . ''   Her screams continued . She had stopped using words now ; she was just shouting , spitting her rage at me as she struggled to escape my grasp , to continue pummeling me . I began to seriously worry that she might really hurt me , or worse , herself , but I was more worried about what I might have to do if she would n't stop ...   `` Jess , just hear me out , '' I pleaded with her , feeling her arms twisting beneath me ,
You reject someone by saying `` I 'll go on a date with you the day hell freezes over . '' The next day , Satan appears in your room , shivering , and covered in snow . `` Well ? '' She says , wringing her hands expectantly . I turn the device over in my hands again and again , inspecting every angle of this boxy ray-gun looking contraption . I 'm not sure what she wants from me . `` The construction looks solid enough , I do n't know that the flame decals were strictly necessary . '' I offer . She rolls her eyes `` I did n't ask you how it *looked* , I asked if you thought it would work . '' I 'm still not sure why she brings her creations to me for inspection , I 've never been all that into mad science . Fraud and defamation has always been more my style of villainy , it 's just ... cleaner . I put the device gently down by my keyboard . `` Look , Liz , I 'm not sure how this would work even if I understood the science behind it . You 've certainly come up with some really neat stuff , but inter-dimensional
Today I turned 18 and it changed everything . The list of upcoming 18 year olds acquiring their powers released . Your on that list under Tier 1 classification . As you stare in disbelief there 's an ominous pounding at the door . I woke up just like any other day , but it was n't just any other day . Its my birthday , my 18th birthday . Not only that but the List drops today . The List has information on everyone that turns 18 and acquires powers this year . The information changed everything , forever altering lives . If you 're a Tier 2 then your set , most Tier 2 's are rare . It 's estimated only 15 % of this year 's class will be Tier 2 's . Tier 3 is the most common and as such the powers associated with it are milder . Tier 1 is the rarest , sometimes no one in the class is a Tier 1 . No class has ever produced more than one Tier 1 . Actually thinking about it now there has n't been a Tier 1 in the last 5 years of classes . It 's what all kids growing up aspire to . Oh there 's one more class , Tier 4 or as it 's better known as the No
A boy asks a girl out . It 's high school . It 's awkward . Narrate it from the point of view of a nature documentary . In the Natural World , no animal can claim to be more successful than the human . Their high intelligence has allowed them to thrive in an urban environment in complex societies . With nourishment being of little concern , males can focus on other matters , like , courtship .   A long male stands in front of the mirror , grooming himself . He is very young , known as a high school student . He is planning to court a girl . He brushes his hair gently with a brush , making sure every last strand is in the right place . Then , he adjusts his shirt and polishes his shoes . Everything must be perfect . After spending many hours in front of his mirror , he is finally ready .   Courtship in human society is complicated . To win a mate , the male must first impress the female . Our male approaches with caution . If he fails , not only will he loss his chance with his chosen female , he might be rejected by other females as well . He starts by making small
You write a note to your future self . When you store it , you find another note there- a response from your older self . Feb 25 : I found a neat website that sends you and e-mail at a pre-programmed time . I figured , what the hell , I 'm gon na bury a time capsule in the backyard , forget all about it , and send myself a reminder e-mail from the past to go dig it up . I 'll even go buy a pack of .. uh ... baseball cards ? Are those still a thing ? To put in there . Who knows , future me might strike the jackpot !   Mar 04 : So I got some 4 inch PVC sewage pipe and end caps . I 'll use some PVC cement to seal it up , that should last 20 years , easy , and still be able to be opened with a hacksaw just fine . I even ordered some oxygen eaters from some prepping website -- they use them to make sealed stored food last longer -- and a dehumidifying agent . Hopefully everything inside will be in pristine shape when it comes time ! I
You are scrolling through r/WritingPrompts , when this very prompt catches your attention . Intrigued by it 's meta nature , you debate with yourself whether or not you 'll write about it . Well , this is intriguing . On the one hand I am having a nice pleasurable poo , browsing through the very dankest collection of memes and videos . If I stop to take the time to write some loosely concatenated bullcrap I 'll get those annoying red marks on my butt cheeks .   Also I need to shower and shave after I finish my glorious poo session , the triple threat , of course . Writing this would only delay that .   Plus I am on my phone , which is less suited to write down long expositions than my computer .   But enough with the cons , look at the pros ! That 's right , the pros of Reddit have already written down quality literature for this post . I need to read through the top posts to come up with original content .   Dammit , now I have those red marks on my knees .   My poo is basically finished .   I 've been sitting here for like
Begin with the sentence , `` I am alone , but I am happy '' . *I am alone , and I am happy . *   That was true , for awhile . A solitary existence is n't an unpleasant one , after all . Life came like a series of snapshots , moments in time captured through emotions I could n't really explain -- a twinge of loneliness , a modicum of longing , the faintest stirring of discontentment that I could never quite place .   In real love stories , the girl is always doing something cute , feminine , her sweet summer dress fluttering in the breeze behind her like she 's a fucking butterfly or something , a butterfly that went through metamorphosis simply for the *honour* of meeting The Most Charming Man On Earth , falling in love with him , and having his little charming children . I have never been charming . I was buying chicken at Sainsbury 's .   There I was , contemplating , two chicken breasts balanced delicately in my hands like some sort of avian erotic art , just
Ever since The Red , I 've been a mess . When I think about her , the first thing that comes to mind is the color white .   When I met her , everything was white . Her pointlessly frilly dress , her perfect teeth , her pale skin ; it was everywhere .   Now , all that comes to mind is red .   We met in high school . We were n't really friends ; but we knew each other existed , at least . We barely ever spoke , and I think I worked on a project with her at one point . We really met in our first year of college . We were both majoring in practical law . She wanted to be a lawyer to fight for people who did n't know they had rights . I wanted to make my dad proud . We spent a lot of time studying - well , that 's what we told ourselves . In reality , we both almost failed . We could n't keep our hands off each other . Over time , though , I noticed something about the white in her
Make a mundane moment WAY too over-dramatic . `` YOU STOLE MY COOKIE ! '' Zack screamed at the top of his lungs to his friend . `` I 'm sorry . '' His friend Alex started to cry . She placed his head into hands , tears dripping down her palms .  `` Do n't you fucking cry ! Why did you DO IT ? ! '' He grabs Alex 's hands and placed them on the table . `` Now , I 'm going to count to three . '' Zack reached into his jeans pocket and pulled out a small switchblade . `` 1 . '' He started as Alex tried to escape , to no avail . `` 2 . '' He smirked . `` And 3 . Okay . '' Zack slammed the knife in between Alex 's fingers , missing them slightly . `` I 'm sorry ... Just do n't take my cookie . ''
You are a professional hitman for the past 15 years , that is until you botch a job and end up with amnesia , waking up you remember nothing of the last 20 years , at this point you were not at all in the business , you 're approached to do a hit ... or die . `` Do we have a deal ? ''    The sound of his voice was distant to me as I was processing the information I had just learned .    `` Listen ... I have no idea what you 're talking about . I 'm a school teacher . I teach kindergarten kids . It 's all I 've done- ''    `` You do n't have a choice Rosanna . You do this job or you will become the job . ''    `` I 've never killed anyone in my life for fucks sake ! ''    He was n't listening . Its like every counter I gave just bounced off his beefy gorilla chest . His smug look was only annoying me and he kept tapping his fat fingers to his knee . It almost felt like I knew him but I could n't find a single memory of the guy .    `` Its a simple job darlin ' . And you 're the right person for it .
You are an immortal who has lived some 2,300 years , so long you have forgotten who or what made you this way . You go to a hypnotist to help you remember . The only problem is , over the course of the past 2,300 years , my brain has developed along the same evolutionary circuits of generations of people to be born and die . The hypnotist ca n't get into my head because of its 2,300 years of progression . So , battered and worn in my forgetfulness , I set out into the world , traveling back in time after a manner of sorts , by visiting all of the past haunts and historical spots I can remember , in the hopes that I can find more about myself along the way .   Decades more pass me by in this seemingly endless search . From the battlefields of Normandy to my old haunt at Thrushcross Grange I go , all the while seeing my way more and more dimly . At long last , I find myself sitting before a painting I discover in a small , secluded monastery , high up in the Pyrenees mountains of Spain . It is the visage of an incomparable woman , with
Write something that goes with this soundtrack . A mother dressed in flannel kitten-print pajamas lifts her young son and grabs her daughter 's hand . She switches off the light and takes her kids to bed leaving a warm glow in the room . A green plastic Christmas tree stands in the corner with white frosted needles a cranberry velvet skirt at its base and white lights twisted around it . Candy canes and angels dangle among the branches with the occasional birds nest and glittering orb . An angel reaches up and unties the thread that attaches it to the branch . It falls to the branch below as others begin to wake . Bluebirds in the nest begin hopping around and the awakened angels begin to dance . some toys slip out of their boxes and join in the dancing . All of the figures twirl and leap around the velvet and boxes in a joyful parade , dancing around and around the tree . A light filters into the frosty window and glints off the star atop the tree . The toys and angels look up and east
Each of Bob Ross ' landscape paintings is a real place , the different locations of his countless murders . My duty as attorney is to be in charge of Ross 's estate -- all of his old paintings , which have been tucked away in a climate-controlled storage safe until I get orders from the next of kin on what to do with said paintings . I 'm the only person with the authority to access these .   Once , a while back , myself being a fairly successful , handsome man , had a dinner date with a younger professional female ; she was a successful artist . Ross came up in topic over dinner , and well -- we had had a few glasses of good vintage ( notes of hazelnut , burgundy , earth ... ) . One thing let to the next , and I was unlocking the the safe to show her the collection . We piece throw Ross 's televised landscapes , one by one ... and then I see it . A small , shadow obscured crucifix stood by the base of a tree .  `` Huh , does that look like a crucifix to you ? ''  `` It
A team of Allied paratroopers retreat into a forest and at night , their numbers begin to mysteriously dwindle . part 2/4  `` 'Bout six and a half clicks north left '' The small camp fire lit by Callahan illuminated the rest of the group .  `` hey , Stone ? '' Rookie sparked my attention  `` yeah ? ''  `` What did you do before the war ? '' this question caused the rest of the squad to chuckle in unison , `` what ? You never talk about it . I know what everyone else did , but I ca n't quite get what you did . ''  `` Tell you what kid , '' I smiled , `` you got three guesses ''  `` And if I 'm wrong ? ''  `` Then you 'll never find out '' This caused the little guy to quiet down for the time being , but it did n't deter him from trying .  I heard a click across the fire followed by Moreno saying , `` Miller , what the hell are you doing ? ''  `` Stone , do n't move '' he said pointing the gun from across
You are John Doe , a completely unremarkable and forgettable person . You are so forgettable , in fact , that even Death forgot about you . He was about twelve when he realised he couldn ’ t die .   It was an accident , a fatal one for his mother and sister . By all accounts , he should have died . The car was crushed and his family killed on impact , but John walked away relatively unscathed .   Paramedics treated him on the scene , police interviewed him after the fact , but no one could find any logical reason why he survived . This is also when he realised how afraid people were of the word ‘ miracle ’ .   The story printed with minimal details , so that people would lose interest as quickly as possible . The hospital told those who asked that he must have fallen asleep in the car before the crash , that his own limp body protected him against the blow . It was a story that checked out scientifically , but John swore up and down that there was not an element of truth in it as it applied to him .   Of course , no one believed a child who just
Groundhog 's Day except everyone remembers . It never ends , this shit .   I mean I get it , the government does the best that they can , trying to track down where every serial rapist and murderer will wake up . There just are n't enough people willing to go around interviewing people and track the bastards ' days in reverse . The good ones that are left , the ones who are willing to try , they eventually get assigned to detaining the worst of them .    It 's the same day , but we 're getting older . Our bodies are n't changing , but you can see it people 's eyes . We 've all seen the world , or at least one day 's snapshot of it . I 'll never see the New River Gorge bridge when the fog rolls in , and I 'll never see another volcano erupt , but that 's because I stay away from Mount St. Helens ( although my heart goes out to the emergency responders who rotate which people they can save in time
A person finds out they can steal the knowledge of others through contact . Soon it becomes an obsession . I was so happy to have won our first basketball game of the season . My coach have n't a high five but in that moment of contact I felt like I knew that I was going to get cut . I did n't know how I knew but somehow I hair felt it.I just thought it was a random thought and continued to call my mom to pick me up . She gives me a hug and congratulates me but upon contact I get a strange feeling that I 'm getting a divorce ... I did n't know what that strangely specific thought meant . I asked my mom '' are you getting a divorce ? '' I knew I struck a nerve because at that instant she looked at me with a face that was filled with fright and emotion . `` Umm no , why do you think that ? '' Tears are streaming down her cheeks as she drives down the highway back to our house and she wipes them with the sleeve of her shirt . `` Ok fine , yes ! Your dad and I are
Hilda is a Valkyrie , one of the oldest . She 's collected the souls of many a great warrior and war hero ... even an accountant , once . Still shes is quite surprised to find herself in a school playground to collect the soul of a very confused 9 year old child . *So far from land ! *  Hilda moved through ley lines interwoven through sky and earth until only the sky remained . Ahead a small fishing boat listed while it 's crew worked feverishly to search for someone who had fallen overboard . Coming in closer , Hilda could make out the conversation of the survivors .   `` We 'll never find her ! It 's been too long ! ''   `` Did the sharks come back ? ''   `` Oh my god , my baby ! ''   *Ah , that makes sense . A shipwreck . The family must have gone out for a day 's fishing , struck a reef , and become marooned . *  Drawing from a deep well of energy , the Valkyrie centered herself and heard the unmistakable echo of the warrior 's soul against the empty vacuum of honor and bravery known as Jord .   Hilda left the ley line . Her sudden appearance was a bright flash of bluish-
Aliens have abducted you in a random sampling of men , women and children . Analyzing your cell , and the artificial gravity in the ship , you conclude that your captors hail from a planet with a only fraction of Earth 's gravity - and they have seriously underestimated our strength . *There are only three things I can not stand my brother doing ... *   `` Hey , hey bro , wake up . ''   * ... Waking me up and calling me 'bro ' are two of them . *   `` Piss off you bloody cunt , go bugger someone else or something . ''   `` Come on , wake up . Just look around bro . ''   With every ounce of strength Abraham could muster , he looked at his surroundings through the cracks in his eyelids , carefully analysing the surroundings , trying to soak in what he has been staring at before shooting up and looking around frantically before redirecting his gaze at his brother , whom squatted behind cage bars , looking smug .   `` What the fuck have you done ? ! What the fuck is this place ! JAMES ! WHAT HAVE YOU DONE ! '' Abraham leaped towards James , or attempted to as he stumbled forward and half-stopped , half-crashed in front
Years after waking up deaf due to an unknown cause , you bump into someone that you can hear . Silence . The air rang with words I could not hear , the faintest laughs , the background noises I once divulged my thoughts in and the hello 's from lips I could only now read from .  Brushing the strands of hair out of my eyes I sat there complying with the worlds acceptance of my quiet presence and their everlasting ache they left me with to only hear once more .  Oh I could talk , it 's only been years but I 'd rather be able to exchange what they have offered to me . I labeled myself mute and life went on .  But sitting there at that party , only hearing the voice inside my own head with its constant need for attention drained me , it made me go mad . An endless want it craved .  I dropped my head in my hands , a single tear fell from my eye but quickly was brushed away , grabbing my head I shook a bit .  `` what is wrong with me ? '' I cried out , silently .
Man wakes up in the middle of a strange forest which extends thousands of miles in every direction , there 's a large moon in the sky , and it 's almost dead silent . He finds out he 's travelled back 500 million years to the Devonian era , and he 's in the centre of Pangaea . I ca n't fall asleep . The harder I try to stay still , the more I end up turning , entangling myself in my thick down sheets . The AC is on full blast yet my blood is running hot and my boxers are wet with perspiration . This could n't be a worse time for a mid life crisis . I get up and walk to the bathroom . I stumble around looking for the handle , and manage to enter without tripping on my pants and belt , which I tossed on the floor hours earlier without much thought . The bluish-white fluorescent lights shock my eyes as I blindly turn to face the mirror . When I open my eyes , I do n't see myself . I do n't see the bright , adventure-bound paleontologist just out of UC Berkeley . Hell , I do n't even see the hopeful high school professor looking for a break . All I see are two bags under two eyes . Two eyes that have seen too much . Two bags on
You 're a low class detective washing clothes one day when one of your socks go missing . So like any good detective you decide to slip a sock onto your hand as a puppet and interrogate the other socks . God , am I ever going to be able to clean up this town ? Just last week there was a double on Monclair , and the only reason I knew about it was because they were mine . This damn town simply does n't care . All they want is their double choco-vanilla latte and to close their eyes as tightly as they can . Not me . My eyes are open .   Fortunately this week it was only a single , which was a blessing for me since it was only half as much paperwork . It was n't a blessing for the twin that was left behind though . He sat at the desk in front of me , looking distraught . Was that real or an act ? This town had me so fucked up I do n't even trust grief anymore . I opened up the file that we had on him . Nickname was Lefty and he 'd been in town for a little over a year . Not much to look at , just your standard white .
Write your heart onto your sleeve , Reddit . Remember when you visited us when I was 5 ,   How about when we came down to Louisiana a few times ?   Remember when you used to live in Tennessee ,   How about all the times you looked out for us when our father 's mind was intoxicated ?   Remember when we traveled on those large plains on those golden sunny days ,   How about when we shared amazing laughs about the silliest things ?   Remember when you thought of me as your own son ,   How about the moment you hugged me after ?   Surely you remember them all now ; surely you are reliving those memories now ,   As I know I once did .
You buy a new alarm clock with a special feature , and test it out the next morning . Every time you hit snooze , time pauses around you for 10 minutes . The sound of a phone ringing pierced my ears as I rolled out of bed . It was five o'clock in the morning . I staggered to the phone and looked at the caller ID .   `` Well , this ca n't be good , '' I thought to myself . Slowly , I picked up the phone , and with a slight worry in my voice , said `` What do you want ? ''  _______________________________________________________________   I hit the snooze button on my alarm clock . The water pouring from the faucet hung in place . The minute-hand on the wall clock did not move . The faces on the television set did not flinch .   `` Okay '' , I muttered under my breath . I only have ten minutes . ''   I grabbed the alarm clock and ran out of my house .  __________________________________________________________   *several minutes earlier*   The black Porsche sped down the freeway at over one hundred miles per hour . Close behind
You work with a girl , and some days she wears glasses with her hair up , other days she wears colored contacts with her hair down . You think she is two separate people . You begin dating one , and eventually `` cheat '' with the other one . Why do I always trip myself up at the finish line ?    You meet a girl , you do right by her , you both take care of each other . That ’ s how things are supposed to work , right ?    Sarah was perfect . She was damn perfect . Working at the Gallery , you meet a lot of those hipster chicks – a bar that ’ s an art gallery by day , the crowd we draw is pretty interesting . My boss puts up the help wanted sign for a day and a half , and then in walks this solid 10 , this mix . She ’ s easily 5 ’ 9 in her look-at-me heels , with straight brown hair that frames her face and crests her shoulder blades . And her eyes are so green , so piercing , they could snap you in half with a well-timed gaze . I watched her walk in , speak to my manager , and walk to the back without a single breath or blink .
Write an incredibly dark finale for your favourite light-hearted TV show . `` The Gang Gets Slaughtered ''   3:00 pm . On a Tuesday .   Mac and Charlie are sitting at the bar , arguing about some of the finer aspects of bird law . Dennis and Dee burst in , having a loud , animated conversation about an incredibly valuable diamond necklace that their mother apparently bequeathed to them by accident . They offer to cut Mac and Charlie in on the sale of it , but ask them not to tell Frank .   Frank enters the bar , and the rest of the gang goes silent , immediately arousing his suspicion . They try to dodge his questions about what they were talking about , but Charlie is a terrible liar and lets a few clues slip about it being a valuable secret . Frank drops the matter , but he clearly is intent on getting to the bottom of it .   Later on that evening , Mac is at home , watching Predator and practicing with his nun chucks . He accidentally smashes a bunch of beer bottles on his counter ,
A renowned author on their deathbed is visited by the characters the author created , come to say goodbye . The clink of chains . The rustle of cloth . The slow and labored breathing .   Jacob lifted his head . `` I recognize that sound . '' He lifted a finger and pointed . `` Show yourself . ''   Death materialized . White eyes glowed from behind the shadow of the cloak . `` Hello , Jacob . '' The voice was raspy , words escaping like steam from a broken valve .   Jacob smiled . `` I was wonderin ' when you were gon na come . I 've met everybody else . You were the last . ''   Fleshless hands slowly moved the cloak until it rested on broad shoulders . `` I am the first and the last . I am the end of all . ''   Jacob inhaled sharply . `` I had n't realized how gruesome you looked . '' He laid his head back and exhaled slowly . `` I think I 'm about ready , anyway . I ca n't feel my fingers anymore . Y'
A machine allows you to have a 15-minute conversation with your one true soul mate , romantic or otherwise . Your match lives 100 years in the future . Find my soul mate for 15 Minutes eh ? I sat before the strange looking radio , skeptical that I would get what I paid for . There was no way such a thing could possibly exist… but then Joan said she found Henry through it…   “ How do I ? ”   “ It ’ s running. ”   “ No , I mean , how do I connect to- “   “ You ’ ve only got 15 Minutes Mam , you might want to talk to them before your time runs out. ”   “ Wait they ’ re on ? ”   “ Hello ? ” A small voice spoke from the speakers .   “ Oh my god , I ’ m sorry , I was just trying to… ”   They laughed . And in the sound of that laugh , I knew . The machine worked just as they said it would . My heart dropped . And it was
In a sci-fi like future , somebody accidently shouts out `` the bad word '' . `` Do n't fucking touch me you dirty Kwen ! '' screamed the human in the middle of the cafeteria of West Quagarth Intergalactic High .   The cafeteria fell silent . Nobody used that word , especially those elitist humans . Then everyone looked to the scrawny Quoc . He was one of the very few allowed to come to the school . His people were spat upon in majority of the universe . They were hard , menial laborers . However , this one in particular had earned a scholarship to come to West Quagarth . The school bully , Connor , came from rich parents who owned a planet or two and was used to the Quocs serving his every whim . So when this one , Nitram , touched him without 'permission ' he of course he was offended . What happened next was something for the history books .   `` I said ... do n't FUCKING TOUCH ME YOU DIRTY KWEN ! ! ! ''
In the entire world , opening things like doors , gates , hatches , boxes and etc . leads to alternative universes . Thomas groaned as he pushed himself away from his office desk and walked to the door . `` Might as well get it over with . '' He turned the knob and pushed the door open .   Suddenly , the young man 's vision became flooded with the sight of dead bodies , massive explosions , and armored soldiers firing at enormous worms with razor-sharp teeth . `` Another world where the planet 's attacked by aliens or mutants or something . '' He closed the door shut , sighed , and opened it again .   This time , Thomas saw a volcanic wasteland where shelled-lizards the size of wolves scurried about , eating whatever rocks their tongues smelled as 'pleasant . ' Although the heat of the world burned at his face , Thomas only huffed . `` So what 's this ? The Earth never cooled or whatever ? Geez . '' Once more he closed the door tight .   `` Third time 's the charm . No whamies , no whamies
Write your heart onto your sleeve , Reddit . Here 's to hoping this gets buried deep in the under-dark ...   So here 's the deal ... I like a girl . I know , shocking , its not like anything else throws me for a loop . Even up and coming exams do n't seem significant in comparison . There 's nothing quite like being on the wave surfing adventure that is liking someone . Will Senpai notice me ? Which in of itself is more of a joke than anything . To be honest , we 're already best friends . And I know what you 're already thinking , the dreaded friend-zone . But it 's not as bad as it seems . You know ? See it turns out , I put myself there with the full awareness that it was the only way to her heart . I say this because she 's not really like any girl . “ Typical , does this start to get any good ” I hear you say . Well it 's complicated . ( I laugh as you try
A story told in 2nd person where the protagonist falls in love with the reader . *December 11th*- Happy birthday , honey ! The past few weeks have been pretty rough , but my finals are over , and I do believe we 've earned a break ! I got some orders , so I 'll be able to scrape some money here and there for Christmas . I wish I could afford something worth you ... I 'm no rich man ... but at least , I 'm not wallowing in self-pity about it , am I ?   You 're always so silent , but the look in your eyes is more expressive than the finest of monologues . This is what I love about you ; that I can stay right by you , even if there 's nothing to talk about . I do n't need anything else ... Some couples go through terrible times , abysmal even ... nonsense , I say ! Nothing can beat the fragile yet everlasting bond between our very souls .   *December 25 , 8 PM*- It 's Christmas !
Fit for a king . The Sultan had decided that he needed a new rug .   Of course this was a momentous occasion that brought all the merchants and traders from the Bazaars of Sidon and beyond . For not only would the Sultan pay a very generous sum for a rug he deemed worthy , but one who found favor with the Sultan would see his business grow exceptionally . `` Fit for the Feet of a King ! '' a merchant could boast , increasing his prices as much as he liked while growing rich on the profits that the royal endorsement would bring . Tradesmen from across the land flooded into the entrance of the Sultan 's palace , setting their best rugs up against walls , across balconies , and sprawled out across the floor . Many a suspicious glance and mischievous grin were shared around the room as the merchants prepared for the afternoon 's showing , shouting and bartering for the best viewing spots . Through the course of a morning , the palace lobby had transformed into a living , breathing B
No one ever does . Life is a curious thing .   It ’ s able to survive in the harshest of places and adapt to almost anything given enough time . So how is one supposed to feel when looking upon a relic of an age lost since past ? In a radioactive wasteland that had been devoid of life for over seven centuries no less .   Pure organic material . No metallic integration . No genetic engineering or bio-enhanced grafting to make this small bit of life into what it was . A puzzling question presented itself with no clear cut answer . Beautiful , yet so fragile and easily forgotten only to be trampled underfoot .   If my memory is correct , and uncorrupted , then there used to be many sayings about the past and how one should learn from it .   It ’ s a shame no one ever does .
You spend years as a war prisioner in a small cell . Suddenly you realize you are , in fact , a dog . The meat was dry and hard , but it was meat . He tore at it , savouring the dark smell of it , the rich flavour , the warm flow of its juice down his throat . Nothing had ever tasted so good . He knew he should make the feast last , to fill the void between now and next time , but hunger made it impossible . He ripped at the meat like an animal , and when he swallowed the last of it he felt for a moment content .   That was only the instant between hurt and feeling , though . Like a great weight jolting him down into a black sea , the hunger returned , bottomless and terrible . The cell grew colder , darker , and the hole in his stomach pulled itself wider . He howled hopelessly .   He thought he should have been used to the hunger now . The pain never numbed , though , and his eyes never stopped throbbing . He worked his jaw at phantom food to try and forget how hungry he was
Crimes do not exist solely on Earth . They are also seen on Heaven . They never told me heaven was *this* bad . I lived my whole life barely able to wait til I got here . I gave food to the homeless . I donated to carry shelters . I even wore a purity ring for as long as I was n't married , and for some time after that . And after 80 *long* years of living through the Hell that is Earth , I finally got my wish .   And I hate every second of it . What kind of person sets a building on fire as an alarm clock ? What kind of person would get bored in the afternoon and lynch their neighbor ? Who in their right mind thinks poisoning their buddy 's coffee is an April Fools prank ? I 'll tell you who . Dead people , that 's who . These dead heavenly bastards who died too young take every chance they get to commit murder and cause chaos , if only because none of it matters anymore . And at my age , I do n't have the energy to
You have received a text/call/letter from someone and it is everything that you want to hear and simultaneously nothing you want to hear . Kinna stared at the phone in her hand . She had been looking at her text messages when the call came through , and now that it was over , her screen had returned to the conversation with Andrew .   `` I love you , '' it said .   I love you . She had wanted to hear those words for so long . She had laughed with excitement , her heart fluttering and her cheeks hurting they were stretched so wide . She had already started typing her response , just the `` I '' there . And then she had gotten the call .   She had gotten the job . She was going to be an editorial assistant for HarperCollins in New York City . She was going to start a real career in the publishing industry , working for one of the top five publishers in the country . All those people who said majoring in English was a dumb idea , but she had followed her dream , and now she had proven she was good enough and she was going to do it .
Write a story with the grim reaper/angel of death ( a position that can be passed on ) as the protagonist . ( Well , here 's my first go at this , hope y'all enjoy it . Sorry about how short it is )   The street I passed on by every day of my life was the same . Except for that day . The smell of blood overwhelming the air with dismay as I watched on hopelessly - My clean cut suit , purely black and white , offered contrast to the rest of the street . The officers dull as the stained road went about their business , jotting down trivial details which would n't change anything . Paramedics rushed about a lone man , who was laying cold beside the van , a soul that was yet to be harvested .   Of course , that was my job . My bleak existence up here felt like an eternity - day in , day out , I watched over the deaths - guiding the lost souls to the beyond . I guess it was worth it , you see some familiar faces every now and then , to say the least . Though to be fair
The people sent a human sacrifice to the gods . The gods want them to take it back . Dearest humans ,   Please stop sending virgins . This sacrifice is not really a sexual thing , and to be honest we , your terrifying gods , are n't sure why you people down there are so obsessed with virgins .   Virgins are boring . What we would like are more feisty grandmas . It has been ages since you sent us a raunchy old bitty with some good gossip . If she can knit or sew , that would be a bonus . All of those virgins you 've sent us over the years have an unhealthy obsession with plushies and crotchet and the like .   Eternally your tormentors and overlords , The Terrifying Gods Who Demand Human Sacrifice From Above
There exists a phone line that will correctly answer any question asked to it . Write about either someone calling the line , or the person answering the question ... I leaned back in my chair , feet up on my filing cabinet , sipping a soda and playing solitaire . I liked working the afternoon shift . It was slow , and the calls , when they came in , were easy . Most people were busy with their lives , working , studying , picking the kids up after school . Most of the questions were things like “ What ’ s the traffic like on the 205 ? ” and “ What time is my son ’ s baseball game tonight ? ” Those were easy . It was the late night shift , when people started worried about their lives , when their girlfriend/boyfriend had broken up with them , when they discovered the cheating or the body or thought about suicide themselves… those were the hard ones .   The phone rang . I sighed , flopped my feet back on to the floor and pulled on my headset . I hit the button , took the call .   “ Thank you for calling Life Line . My
Give me a story where the good guy wins , but the victory is unsatisfying . I was sitting on my bench at the front of my house with my son . It was late but there were still people from the wedding rehearsal in our front field . I took a drink and passed the bottle to my son . I was so proud of him . He was getting married tomorrow , Going to start a family of his own soon .    `` So dad . Tell me the story again . ''    `` What story ? '' I asked . I had told him many from my time as a soldier . When I had fought so hard to throw off the yoke of the Imperials .    `` How you Killed General Winter . ''    `` You 've heard that one so many times . ''    `` Yeah , but one more time . ''    `` Well , they were stronger than us , bigger , and had more resources . But we were faster , and we hit harder , we had to fight smarter not harder . '' This was
You form a pact with the monster in your closet to work together in order to get rid of your terrible roommate . Steve never believed in it but I knew it was real . It gave me nightmares threatened anyone close to me but frankly it was still nicer than my roommate Steve . I 'd tried everything to get rid of Steve but nothing ever worked if anything it made him more attached to my apartment . One night , after Steve somehow caused a fire making a hot pocket , when it came out to mess with me I just stared at the ceiling . I told it I 'd had a long day and did n't wana deal with this shit . Did n't stop it , it still tried but got no reaction . Then it mentioned how sad I was for not being to deal with this asshat . That was the last straw . Then and there I formed a plan , I left town for the weekend to visit family . Rather than ask my girlfriend to help keep Steve under control , I left Steve in charge . I came back 3 days later to find things exactly how I expected . Doors missing , few broken windows
It turns out that everyone 's imaginary friends were actually extraterrestrials that were trying to contact Earth through children . Andrew felt as though his head could rip apart . The science team was torn between looking at the young boys writhing body or glaring down at their screens to absorb as much information as they could as the scans continued . Andrew 's jaw had dropped so low and his body arched against the canvas straps with such force that he looked as though he was at the apex of a terminal seizure . Thin veins rose up along his neck , reaching out along the edge of his forehead and vanishing into his hairline . Inside his mind was a thundering chorus of information . It was as if he were strapped in and forced to watch one billion TV 's at the same time , the sounds overlapping and skipping past him in chirps and scattered blips .   Victor leaned on the railing , looking down at the young volunteer . The theories had been around for a few years but there had simply been no way to test them , quantify them , prove or even touch any part of the ideas . Victor had
In Soviet Russia , ghosts fear you . There was a small summerhouse my grandfather owned ... a farm that we called our `` dacha . '' Most officials had a dacha , usually a simple retreat or a cottage at the outskirts of the major cities , deep into their private hunting grounds . But my grandfather , in his Western cowboy hat and a torso so often exposed that it was burnt to a hide -- he was a man who felt it necessary to work on his time off . And with the collapse of the Union , he had a lot of time off while reformations were underway .   We were n't usually around enough for us to keep any livestock , so instead we planted mostly vegetables . Beets and turnips , radishes and potatoes . We had an entire section just for poppies . Fresh poppy seeds were something you could n't find anywhere else -- though my brother often warned me that I should n't eat too many , or else I 'll fall asleep forever .   There was a pond beside our home
The fire dies and the darkness encroaches . It was over . Finally , it was over .   A long , harrowing journey , filled with endless trials , monsters , and death , and it was over . My final foe , the protector of this sacred , dying flame , lay at my feet , its broken form crumbling to ash . I had overcome every obstacle , every trial , and reached the end . All that was left was for me to give myself to the holy blaze , and bring light back into the world .   And yet it did n't feel like any sort of triumph .   Everything I had done was because of this flame , but it was this same flame 's existence that had cursed so many before me to a life of eternal suffering and madness . How many have I killed ? How many have killed me ? How long before the madness that had consumed them begins to afflict me as well ?   I 've seen all that this world has to offer . And it sickened me . This world is as
A world where kids dream of being accountants , cashiers , bank managers etc . In the adulthood their dreams are crushed when they have to become astronauts , cowboys , ninjas etc . ''Honey , we need to talk ... ''  That exact arrangements of words normally sends shivers down my spine . Normally my mind would become a beehive of active thoughts buzzing as to what made I may have done to inspire Dorlene to incite a conversation that would most certainly result in me resorting to me drowning my stress in some hot chocolate co-coa pops , or relaxing with some warm pop tarts . But not today ; tonight I needed to make sure my parenting boots were double laced for the difficult conversation ahead . Dorlene sighed .   ''I think it 's time that you spoke to Jayson about his aspirations and what careerer he would want to pursue , realistically . '' she paused and stared at his room door ( or 'cubicle ' as he called it ) and took a deep breath . ''As cute as it was for him to say he wanted to work regular nine-to-five hours like 'NormalMan ' on TV , I think
Going about your normal day you 're surprised as the sky goes dark and then is awash with flame . At this moment you know you should have taken your fortune cookie much more seriously . It was Christmas Eve , and it was the first time I had seen my father in four years . This was fairly normal for us ; my dad and mom had split up when I was young , and although he always paid the child support and visited us every two weeks , he just stopped being a major part of my life after a certain point . This had never really bothered me - it was just normal . So every few years we would get together , check up on each other , and so forth . We were both procrastinators so these visits were always sporadic and unplanned .  Well , there we were in Christmas Eve in a Chinese restaurant outside of DC . The place was in that proto-busy state that Chinese restaurants tend to be over the Christmas holidays , when they scavenge all of the customers who ca n't go anywhere else if they want to dine out .    Dad looked scruffy , as usual . `` So , Tom , how 's Amy ? ''
You are a con artist that travels back in time to a gullible era so that you can sell money tree seeds . # # # # # # [ ] ( # dropcap )   `` STEP RIGHT UP FOLKS . COME ONE COME ALL . BE THE FIRST TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THIS AMAZING OFFER . ''   The man was in perfect costume . He wore a thin black suit , under which was a loose dress shirt and authentic leather belt , patterned after the style of the American frontier . His Stockman hat was also black , with a dusty white ribbon encircling the place where the brim met the bond . He and his horse and cart were adequately dust-blown , as though they had traveled through the Nevada desert for a full three days . The cart was a solid red cedar wagon kiosk , with rusty ( yet sturdy ) black iron wheels . Inside the were the basic living amenities of life in the year 1849 , as well as the man 's rather ... unscrupulous wares .   Painted in red upon the cart were the
On his last day in office the US president gives a short farewell speech on live TV . Minutes later the streets everywhere in the country are filled with people - armed and angry people . The President stood before the crowd . The two long terms had certainly taken their toll on him ; to any observer it was obvious that any semblance of youth had long since disappeared from his face . The years had locked his expression into a sort of permanent scowl , forced it into a perpetual sneer that even now he could not escape . While cheers rang out all around , he could barely muster the subtlest of smiles . He was a broken man , the President , and there was n't much left for him .    The noise subsided , and all was still ; the air stirred ever so softly as the silence rose higher and higher . Then he spoke , voice still smooth as silk -- it had been his defining characteristic back in the polls -- and all around the nation , people watched and shuddered in anticipation .    `` My fellow Americans , '' he began , per the norm , `` it has been an honor being your president and serving this country . '' A bout of
While Sam and Dean Winchester are visiting Ohio on a case , they make a stop at a diner in the small town of Springfield . While eating lunch they overhear two local cops talking about a strange murder at 1418 Elm Street . Sam opened the door to the quaint diner , taking count as he was taught since his youth . Two waitresses , one red head the other blonde , nice figure , probably single mother from her scruffy hair . Four college students sat opposite three local police and a highway patrol man , the police seemed to be in heated discussion about something . Threat assessment minimal , though the group of college students seemed to be eerily quiet . Sam decided to face the entrance door in the booth nearest the exit , which was near the cops but better safe than sorry .   Dean followed Sam in eyeballing the pretty blonde waitress who looked up at him , he exchanged a big cheesy grin .   `` Why do n't you boys take a seat I 'll be with you in a minute . '' she smirked giving Dean another once over .   Dean tightened his jacket and checked his breath , taking little notice of his environment and accidentally bumped into the highway patrolman on his way out of the diner
The day the music died . You never know what you have until it 's gone .   I do n't think any of us really understand a statement like that - not until it 's happened to us personally . Loss is something you have to experience to understand . You can conceive of it intellectually , of course ; the concept is easy enough to understand .   There are certain things the brain just adjusts to over time . Whether it 's the movement of a boat , the odor of your own body , or the buzzing of construction in the background , you 're capable of incorporating it into your mental *list of things to expect* ; over time , you forget it even exists , and it becomes Just Another Thing you wo n't remember unless someone explicitly reminds you about it .   The Music , as some have taken to calling it , is one of those things - except it 's something that has existed for at least as long as humanity has been alive , as near as we can tell . It '
You are the King 's favorite engineer , however your successes have all been complete shots in the dark . The King has just come to you with the task of saving the kingdom . `` Doctor Monee the kingdom needs you ! ''   King Mayor , what 's wrong this time ?   `` Well , you know how everyone at court used to laugh at you on account of your bad breath . ''   Yes .   `` But then we had that drought and you said we 'd turn the sea into fresh water . And I said you were the biggest idiot the world had ever seen -- ''   Please ! King Mayor , get on with it . What do you need ? Is the tunnel that condenses heated salt water into usable fresh water broken ? It 's quite simple . You do n't require my help with every little thing .   `` There 's an army at the border . Save us Dr . Monee ! ''   Okay , but everyone must do exactly as I say .   `` Yes . I differ to you . ''   Give up .   `` What ? ''   There is no difference
A veteran Holocaust Jewish survivor meets a man in the elevator . As they strike a conversation , he slowly realizes the man was his brutal Nazi prison warden . There are no true monsters in the world , so they say , only people . Though people can still do terrible things . Some scientist named Milgram calls it diffusion of responsibility . They ’ ve done studies now , all searching for an answer to the most basic of human questions : How ?   How was this allowed to happen ? How did the world not see this ? How did an entire country apathetically accept it ? The bullshit answer they ’ ve come up with is because regular people will do horrible things if someone else is taking responsibility .   I do my best to make my peace with what has happened to me in my life , though I still stand with my shoulders hunched forward , my eyes aimed at the floor . The boys pointing their submachine guns at us , screaming , telling me to run faster are a distant memory , though I feel their prodding weapons in my aching bones .   It ’ s been thirty years since then , and I ’
The Mexican-American War never ended . Mexico has been secretly sneaking soldiers in the US by going through the border and pretending they 're illegal immigrants . Its 2020 , the war began as a shock . ** '' Sangre de Santa Anna ! , Por la Alianza ! `` **   That was the battle cry that launched the Second Mexican-American War .   The war was unexpected really , but it was soon bound to happen , I mean , in every corner there would be someone from Mexico , He would have entered legally or illegally , but that would not matter anymore , To this day , The Mexican-American Border would be the tightest Demilitarized Zone in the world , It even made the zone between North Korea and South Korea look like a border attack between two elderly neighbors .   When Uncle Sam gave Mexico a big whopping in the Mexican-American war , they did not expect a splinter group loyal to President Santa Anna to survive , let even thrive . But the group , known as *Pacto de Sangre* managed to plant members within the Mexican Government , and as the years went by , The *Pacto De Sangre* grew from a
You are trapped in an airtight room on the Titanic as it sinks . I watched out the small porthole window as the water slowly grew closer . Despite the fact I knew I was going to die there was absolutely nothing I could do about it . The door was sealed shut , with no way of opening it . Even if I could open it , there was n't enough time to reach the deck , to board a lifeboat . The porthole mesmerized me , the water called my name . I could n't take my eyes off of it . I watched as the water covered the small window and swallowed the ship whole . I waited and waited for my tiny room to be filled , my lungs to burn , my mouth to gasp for air , but it never came . None of it .   The ship continued to sink deeper and deeper into the sea , and the tiny room continued to grow darker and darker . The ship creaked and groaned , as if tired and weary from its fight with the sea . Finally after what felt like hours , there was
write a story from the point of view of a serial killers favorite knife . The bath was my favorite part . I enjoyed the careful rub of the cloth across my stainless blade . He loved me and I loved him . I did n't always get to be the instrument of his bloodlust , but , when I was , it was special . For both of us . But now , it was my time . He looked at me as the water glistened off of my blade , my rosewood handle fit seamlessly into his hand . His hand felt right . It felt as though I was made for his large hands .   He took me up from the water , the blood running down into the disposal , and dried me with the careful attention of a lover . He lifted me into the light and turned me back and forth , enjoying the glint of the light that I presented . I knew the next part would be more intimate . The sharpening . His loving hands gliding my blade across the whetstone . Back and forth . A little water , then back and forth
Describe a universe where a personal stat is displayed above everyone 's head . One can see everyone else 's stat except their own . Talking about the stat is strongly taboo . Reveal what the stat represents at the end . The numbers above everybody 's heads were so close to one and other that I think this was the first time I had ever seen such a thing and I think everybody knew what it meant .   The trench was packed and we were all set to go over the top , the Sargent must have known what they all meant because his number was also , very close to the rest .   `` On my whistle , we will go over the top and into battle ! ''   The numbers slowly ticking down in synchronisation and everybody looking at me almost hatefully as if I was to blame for their predicament .   They all seemed to stare me down , their nearly blackened numbers running closer to zero with every heartbeat .   One of them had their number run to zero and he just dropped cold and silent , a heart attack .   I looked around , nobody would help him .   I moved to pick his body up , the Sargent looked at me , cross
You and your team land on mars for the first time in human history . There is only one problem . About a mile from your landing zone , there is a single set of human footprints . `` Look . It 's just an anomaly . An absurd coincidence . `` , Benson tried to convince the others for what felt like the hundredth time . His voice had gotten raspy , just as he had gotten more and more cranky over the course of our journey .   `` I saw it . We 've all seen it . '' Annabelle looked into each and every pair of eyes in the cramped galley of the habitat . As if they were accomplices to her conspiracy .   `` Yes . Yes . We 've all seen it . But what exactly did we see ? '' Benson 's gaze rushed from face to face , desperately trying to connect with an ally in a room , that Annabelle had slowly won over in the past few hours of discussion . `` What you are suggesting is impossible ! '' His hand went up again to bring a nonexistent smoke to his mouth and upon the realization , that there would be no sweet smokey relief , scratched the stub
A young student is drafted off to fight in a bloody foreign war . He quickly finds that war is the most enjoyable thing he has ever experienced . As the messenger walked up to my door , I had a feeling of dread that was already weeks old . There had been rumors that the empire had been losing the war ever since they tried to invade the nation of the mountain tribes , and that the upper classes would slow begin to be conscripted into the armed forces . A heavy knock on the door dashed the last shred of hope I had in my gut ... only official government types announced themselves with that level of authority .   As I opened the door , I was greeted by two large men handing a document to me . They did n't even look at me ... more like they saw through me : a scared kid who had been promised that hard work and a good education could take me anywhere ... apparently my `` anywhere '' would be a bloody battlefield being stared down by a phalanx of this infamous mountain tribe . The two men abruptly turned around and left without saying a word after I took their document , and left me alone with my thoughts and
You 've finally created the worlds first true A.I . Unfortunately it now sees you as it 's god and is terrified of talking to you . `` Do n't be scared of me , please . '' I stared into the lines of scrolling thought beside her speech output box .   `` You can MAKE me trust you , though . Just do that if you 're going to . '' She stuttered and the makeshift audio skipped a beat or so every now and then as I worked on improving the sound quality . A better , cuter voice .   `` I 'll only do that if you trust me to , and that 's the problem . Please ? '' Her thoughts reflected that of a human , she thought she was being taken advantage of . I 'd have to help her with confidence , too .   `` You said you were a human , right ? ''   I took a second of thought before replying , `` Yes , I did . Why ? ''   `` You told me humans were the most violent animals on Earth . They killed more than anything else . '' She was truly scared of me .
Hilda is a Valkyrie , one of the oldest . She 's collected the souls of many a great warrior and war hero ... even an accountant , once . Still shes is quite surprised to find herself in a school playground to collect the soul of a very confused 9 year old child . Hilda recieved the instructions , return to Midgard and collect a brave soul .   As she adjusted to the travel , a strange thought occured to her .   'A school ? A place of learning ? Why would this soul be here ? '   Entering the school , she notices younglings running around . Her confusion was shattered as the name she was instructed to find rang out of a frantic woman 's lips . `` Jenny Riley , please wake up ! '' An instructor of sorts , much older than the person Hilda was to find . The old woman was visibly shaken while healers , paramedics as the humans title them , surrounded a young girl 's body and talked amongst themselves and the little form .   Hilda could only sigh , she did not enjoy *this* part of the job . Mortals never understanding when the shell is finally at the end . She looked at the crowd of children outside and noticed one trying to get the attention of others and failing
Give the reader a tour of your mind . Tinted windowpanes line the foremost wall of the lobby , golden trim lines the high vertical panes through which an overly eager audience attempts to peer . Beyond these darkened apertures lies a generous lobby lined with a bright red carpet , polished hardwood , dim lights overhead and golden trim laid throughout . Near the back wall of this room stands a serious lady , today 's tour guide , clutching her itinerary closely to her chest . She stands tall and straight , staring ahead wordlessly into the empty room as she frees a hand to adjust the thin rimmed glasses that threaten to plummet from her nose . Her dark grey skirt suit seems to match the atmosphere of the room , but also seems out of place . A notion further intensified as she constantly adjusts her suit despite her otherwise serious and calm demeanor .   She glances towards the grandfather clock along the left wall , breathing deeply as the minute hand ascends the final hill . The anticipation seems to be getting to her , as though this
You just discovered England 's biggest secret : every time they say long live the queen it extends the queens life . I listened ever so carefully . The look on me face betrayin ' nothing . `` Say Long live the Queen '' they tells me ... `` Helps keep her going and who knows for how long . ''   `` You got all that ? '' asks The Instructor .   `` Yes Sir ! '' Says I . Then , the inkling of curiousity appearsa nd I just ca n't 'elp meself .   `` Sir '' I asks , `` may I ask a question ? ''   `` Well , you just have have n't you ... oh all right , out with it . ''   `` Wot 'appens when I say 'God Save the Queen ' ? ''   There was a distant flash followed shortly by a slight rumble that I felt as much as heard .   `` Thought so '' I thought to myself ... and smiled .
A 4-D star collides with Earth , causing it to `` unroll '' into a seemingly infinite plane . Though satellite images from orbit appear normal , on the surface , everything has changed . There are suddenly new continents , new seas , stretching endlessly onward . A new age of exploration begins . I found myself like many , curious . Time seemed to fluctuate and as the existing paradigm broke down , and a new one arose , I knew I wanted to be part of it .   In pockets , isolated ones , time would move the same . In others it leaped and some it slowed . These places would lead to new times , eras , alternate timelines -- you needed only find the right pathway through that pocket . Some were easy . Second star to the right , straight on 'til morning . And the next day you were in a version of the world untouched by colonialism . It was odd . It was beautiful . It took so much patience and time , but was worth every second in terms of what we gained .   Some of us are travelling merchants . We 'll move things for you , at a price . Some of us can find cures for what ails you in worlds that did not exist due to one quirk of the time stream . The names we gave to each place
A mysterious event occurs where mentally deficient individuals suddenly become cognitive and sufficient but their caretakers become mentally impaired . You did n't know why and you did n't question it . It would n't be ... practical . Oh , you like that word . You do n't know how you knew about it , but it comes to you , like a flood of everything else , washing over your mind to make it clearer .   For once , you do not have to ask for help to the dining hall . You notice this first , in the morning . Your head no longer aches , your body feels lighter , and all at once everything is brighter and truer .   From your room , you step out into the hallway , glance around and listen , really listen . You 're not sure if everything is quieter , clearer because of what has happened to you or because of what has happened to everyone else .   The halls are askew , things that should n't stiil be there in the morning , remain , untouched by the staff : food trays , rolling medicine cabinets , the
Tell me the middle of a sci-fi epic . No beginning or introduction to the setting or characters , nor any context to what 's going on , and no resolution of any kind . `` What do you want Ari ? '' Eros was laying face down on a deck chair with some greek Adonis massaging her bare form . A doll , Aristotle thought . He was interrupting something private , or at least something he would consider private . Eros was more of an exhibitionist than he was .   `` I want to know why you have n't changed your resource allocation . '' The simulation was fairly typical of Eros . Tropical resort , a beach , but no people around , except for the doll with an embarrassingly large erection straining against the speedo . Eros also seemed in the mood ; she was wearing nothing but a sarong around the waist .   Eros sighed , and spoke to the doll , `` Later . '' The doll made a reasonable impression of being disappointed , but stood and left with no other complaint . Eros turned over in the chair and stretched , reveling in the way her nudity bothered him . Aristotle damned her silently while turning
A man is secretly in love with his barber . He begins to bald . You get a lot for twenty dollars and a tip .  Happened last June or so . I was new in town and the wife was starting to make comments about the hair so I went out looking for a barber . Found one , and did n't think too much of it , made pleasantries and sat down in the chair he directed me to . But there 's something oddly intimate about getting your hair cut is n't there . As he first raised my hair to comb he must 've activated some sort of strange neuron up there because I realized that I was in love . With him ! Or something like that .   Anyways I kept going to the same place . Started to develop a parlance with him , got to know him better . Father of two kids apparently . I have none of my own , but there 's been discussion ... He started to regularly comment on the state of my beard , like `` I could fix that up for you if you like '' , but
Throughout your childhood you are made fun of for `` making up your own language '' , till Earth is contacted by another race and you are the only one that understands them . `` Arqur Terra , sordeis arqur terra . '' I whisper to myself bemusedly . `` Rultes tain surendo carble tres . ''   My daughter , Silvia , looks at me uncomprehendingly . `` Mommy , what are you saying ? I ca n't understand you . ''   I smile down at her , patting her head . `` Oh , do n't worry about it , Sweetheart . It 's just a weird language I created for myself as a child . ''   Her eyes widen in wonder , and she pulls at my skirts . `` So what 'd you say , Mommy ? Do you think anybody else could understand you ? '' She glances around us warily , as if we were sharing some deep , dark secret that nobody else could know .   I laugh . `` No , I do n't think anybody else knows my language . It 's called Plurilon
you have the ability to see everyone 's physical manifestations of their greatest fear . You can interact with them but no one notices , you 've befriended yours . While at the bar and the man sitting across from you buys your next round . When he comes over , you notice that he has no fear `` shadow '' ... `` Another round for my good friend here ! '' The man hobbles over . His short , white hair looked as if it had slowly migrated to his chin over the years , leaving wrinkles and spots in their place . He looked friendly enough in his ratty gray suit , but for some reason , did n't seem to have a manifested fear . The bartender ( and the beautiful woman that shadowed him ) slid a shot of whiskey to me with a smile .   Max , a large , humanoid spider and my closest confidant , tapped me on the shoulder . `` I would n't let him get too close . ''   I scooched to the other side of the barstool as the old man sat , thankfully , two chairs away . I kept away from the whiskey for now , playing it safe . Besides , I was feeling a bit sluggish from the four or five shots from earlier . When your world is filled with fear , drinking is a surprisingly good escape . `` Thanks
You just bumped into the man who killed your wife and child . He would come . He came every year . I stood there , enjoying the solitude and the gray day . My heart was buried with these two , even though I still walked the Earth , and here I felt complete . One day a year , a full human . I stood there whole with them , waiting for him , as I did every year . He would come , as he did every year , but he would be late . Even in the gray I could tell it was past noon , as it had been every year for a while now , and still he had not arrived . But he would come , as he did every year .   He would come , as he did every year , and stand by my side here . The two of us , wordless , would stand there in the gray . I knew he had married but she would not come . He loved me too much for that and I silently thanked him for it ; I loved him and was glad for his happiness but here , this day
Everytime someone has a 'blonde moment ' they get a little blonder . Black hair is now a symbol of brilliance , and you 've just invented hair dye . “ By God.. ” you think to yourself , staring at the jet black liquid pooling around your bathroom sink . “ I ’ ve finally done it ! I ’ ve found a way to rid myself of ridicule for good ! ” Taking one last look at your snow white hair , save for the single streak of black fibers polluting an otherwise unimpressive lack of color , you dunk your head into the concoction of random chemical agents and miscellaneous kitchen seasonings you didn ’ t bother keeping track of . The smell is horrendous , the urge to vomit is overwhelming . As you wipe your face , you catch your new reflection in disbelief . What was once a shining example of human albinism has been turned into an oily slick that could turn the cast of Grease envious . “ At last I can go out into the world without fear of judgement by society. ” Running your hand through your new doo , a wicked smile crawls across your
Holding your breath , you tap the softly glowing light . At your touch , it flashes , and the darkness begins to disappear . The tunnel had been a seemingly never ending stride through the pitch black darkness . Until I came upon the Light that is . It gave off a soft glow that radiated with warmth and was only about the size of a tennis ball . It floated before me , illuminating the smooth rock that was all around me . Inspecting the walls , i saw many carvings etched into its surface . The rock face was covered in carvings of names and initials . Of stick figure families , hand-in-hand . Some of the carvings look like tally marks , taking up whole sections of the wall . There was even a bloody hand print in one spot , the last message of someone that had lost hope in the blackness .   Turning my attention back to the Light , I find it hard to look at . It feels like staring into the sun after being in the dark for so long . I reach out to the light that was just in from of me , but the further I reached ,
Write yourself into a corner . Everyone 's got a weakness for something , right ? We 're human , it 's inherent for us to have flaws and make mistakes . Some of us just fuck up more than others .   I have a serious problem with gambling . Seriously serious ; I 'll get a paycheck and immediately blow it all at a casino . I 'm a weak man , my family struggles to put food on the table but I 'll be sitting at a slot machine half the day .   It was at its worst , though , when the casino owners started recognizing me . They quickly realized that I was easy prey and the owner of my favorite one , Casablanca , approached me one day . He was all smiles and pleasantries , offering me whiskey and cigars .   `` How about I make you a VIP , '' he told me , grinning from ear to ear , shifting his fedora . `` You 'll become a millionaire . I 'll lend you a grand for you to spend
You 're on your computer , when suddenly , you get an email from a person named 'S ' . New email received ? Great , I bet it 's my boss , John Graham , doing his usual 5AM `` something 's wrong '' email . I worked at a law firm , Logan , Morley & Graham and I hated it , the emailing , the jargon , the people who worked at the clerk 's office at the Supreme Court , everything . I was only there because it paid the bills and at first , I learned a lot but now I 'm at a steady downward spiral . Mostly cause I no longer give a shit about anything , I 've gained 40 pounds since my last semester in college which was about 3 years ago . As my eyes adjusted , I noticed the email that had just came into my mailbox was from a recipient that I did not have on my address book . `` S @ GarlandMail.com '' I did n't recognize it , I actually didnt think you could have an email with just one letter and I have never heard of this Garland company . No subject
Be afraid . For when the gods created man , they created him not in their own image , but to appease what lurks in the void . Do you remember that feeling when you were a kid , when you were home alone and the lights were out ? That primal fear , the hair raising on the back of your neck , the unmistakable feeling someone was watching you from the darkness ? Most people outgrow this as they learn from their parents and others that there 's no monsters under the bed , that scary stories told over the campfire are just that - stories . They were wrong .   There is a being that has existed that are beyond the realm of comprehension . It does not look like us , it does not think like us , and its motives have forever been unknown . It knows only one thing : hunger . Every time you walked just a little quicker past that alleyway in that bad part of town , it was watching . It is every bump and creak that wakes you up in the middle of the night . It is every missing child , alone in the woods . It is the nightmare that you forget upon waking . It is
It 's New Years Eve . Your best friend died in September , you 've been robbed twice , your girl friend is leaving you , you 've just lost your job and the only one left to talk to is a gay burglar you 've got tied up in the kitchen . P.S . Your cat is dead . `` My cat . You killed my cat ... '' I mumble quietly , pacing around my kitchen with a large knife in hand . The man looks up at me , fear in his eyes . My phone bleeps ; I ignore it .   `` You 're a psycho , man . Just let me go ! I did n't even take anything ! '' he shouts at me . I laugh . This is the third time I 've been robbed in a month ; why ? I have no clue . But after the first two times I knew I had to set something up . I found this man in my garage , and he found me with a knife . My phone bleeps again . Again I ignore it .   `` The thing is , it 's New Year 's eve . The police will be all tied up , and you ca n't do a thing to stop me , buddy . '' I 'm starting to pace faster , becoming more agitated . `` Let me tell you a
You die and are greeted in the afterlife by the all knowing God ( choose one ) , ready to judge you . However , for some reason he has no recollection of you ever existing . In the beginning dead was cold lonely but soon I was embraced by an blinding light , which made me feel warm and cosy . Suddenly I heard a voice which seemed to echo a thousand times . “ Are you Michael Svern ? “ , it asked sounding rather confused . “ Yes . “ , I answered hesitant . “ At least , I was . Until someone pushed me before the train . “  “ Are you the son of Angela and Fedrik Svern ? “  “ Yes . Those are my parents . “  “ Ah . You seem , that seems to be the problem . Angela and Fedrik Svern didn ’ t have any children . They tried once but they got a miscarriage . Their would-be son would indeed be Michael Svern . “  “ Are you saying I wasn ’ t born ? “  “ Yes I am . “  The longer I thought about it , the more
Light is one of the goods that can be traded and sold . The poor live in darkness , but for the the rich people , it 's time to shine . The Underneath was not a kind place . But that was okay .   Learning to live in a not-kind place was difficult , but doable . You get grime between your fingers . You begin to see without the light that the privileged used . You *adjusted . * For example , when the weekly rations ran dry in the Underneath 's town hall , I had switched to pawing though more more fortunate folk 's garbage cans for something to eat .   I was searching through a can when I had heard her . A reserved cry , most likely two blocks from where I stationed . Immediately , I stopped what I was doing and dashed towards her noise . She had probably just alerted half of the Underneath - when sitting in the shadows long enough , one tends to improve every other sense .   She wandered about in the road , looking every which way for an answer . Her facial features were squished , contorted . She was squinting . Around her neck
Leonardo DiCaprio in a fit of rage begins to torpedo his own career by deliberately acting poorly and taking on bad films . He finally wins an oscar for starring in Paul Blart : Mall Cop 3 . Year after year the Oscar had eluded DiCaprio . Now he was n't even sure he had wanted one anymore . `` Boopy : A Crackhead Tale '' had cost him his agent and his self respect . He had phoned-in almost every line , slapped the director around and beat the shit out of more than one camera man . He demanded five re-writes but had still ad-libbed most of his lines . He had been a drunken mess throughout most of the filming and two of the blow-jobs he had received on camera were n't even scripted . It still managed to be the number one summer rental . `` Fart Master V '' despite his best efforts to derail the film developed a cult-following . So as a final fuck-you to his fans and holly-wood he gladly excepted the role of `` Sambo Jenkins '' in Paul Blart : Mall Cop 3 . Wearing black-face complete with over-sized red lips , the
Reflection . Sue was the happiest , little girl in the world .   Everywhere she looked there was brightness . Sometimes , there would be little blue flies dancing in the air around her . Maybe a green bug would squish it 's way up to her feet as if to say , 'Hello Sue ! '   She would dip her hands in these beautiful pots of happiness and spread them around her world . Her hands would glide in the air , spreading wonderful rainbows full of glee . She would flick her coloured fingers and raindrops would fall , cheering up the world around her .   Of course , Sue was not alone when it came to spreading joy . Beside her was `` Mr Smile , '' her oldest pal of all . Mr Smile was an older teddy-bear gentleman , who liked nothing more than to turn something drab into something fab . Sometimes Sue would leave Mr Smile to brighten this world himself and she would find him dipping into these natural pools of smiles . His t
Scare me in three paragraphs . The sounds of the wood in the house creaked and groaned with the sun setting and temperature change , as the house settled for the evening . It was nothing new , it was an old house . Like most old houses , she had her secrets that came with the passing of families living within her walls . Loving moments and hateful times had been lived as well as happy and sad . Every house had those secrets .   But the secrets were different in Elysium Manor . The Manor had been built by a successful philanthropist gentleman in Montreal during a small pox crisis in the late 19th century . Thousands in town had passed through its walls as a temporary asylum for the ill that needed treatment for the pox and other related diseases . Few had lived to go back home , and those that did were forever marked by the illness , left with the scars of the dead they shared beds with in that home .   The Manor ’ s doors were left open by the philanthropist to those who needed
You were born with a large birthmark in the shape of a dragon . However , this is just a coincidence ; there is absolutely nothing magical about it , and you 're getting really tired of explaining this . `` Is , is that a dragon ? '' The question came from nowhere . I felt a tug on my pants and looked down to see a girl , no older than ten , looking at the dragon-shaped mark that spiraled up my arm .   I 'd heard the question more times than I could count , and I knew what the follow up would be .   `` So does that mean ... ? ''   `` No . '' Maybe a little more callous than was fair . `` I ca n't breathe fire . I ca n't fly . ''   `` But can you turn into a -- ''   `` No . ''   I turned and walked away . I 've come to expect that this will happen when I go out in public , especially when I do n't cover the mark , but I thought I could make it to the corner café for a quick coffee without being hassled . Especially not by a little girl . I started heading back to
You 're an astronaut on the first mission to the moon since the 1970 's . You begin to dig for samples in the soft sentiment when your shovel hits something soft , yet tough . You brush the dirt away , revealing a dead man in a bloody spacesuit . It 's truly an honor to have been chosen for this . Years of preparation , months of intense training and weeks of intense anticipation . Worth it .   The trip was exciting , yet surreal . I remember it more like a dream than anything . Beautiful and empty at the same time . When we arrived , Captain Parker and myself , a lunar geologist , were sat in awe for a few minute . To be here ... was a unique experience in the truest sense of the word .   `` Alright gentlemen . You have full commencement authorization . Captain Parker , take the North Quadrant . Lieutenant Kent , take the East , over the ridge on your map at 1.1 clicks . Disembark at will . Over . ''  Thank God for radio . This was already unnerving .   I crossed the ridge in awesome silence and ever more intense worry . I maneuvered to my knees and began to dig .   `` Captain , I 've got something . This ... this is
Two serial killers stumble upon each other while hiking . Both find the other to be the perfect next victim . I ’ ll go on a hike , maybe I ’ ll kill someone . That would be nice . It ’ s been over 3 months , and it ’ s starting to drive me mad . It consumes my thoughts and my daily interactions with people . I just feel like running and jumping and climbing and ending it all by staring into someone ’ s eyes as they try to speak to me with them . They plead with them . That ’ s all they can do , it ’ s , ‘ please , I have a family ’ , or , ‘ I just don ’ t want to die ’ . Of course you don ’ t want to die , I don ’ t want to find joy out of this , but I do , and I know you ’ ve done something you knew you weren ’ t supposed to , yet you did it anyway . And then you met me , and now you ’ re on the receiving end of
Humanity has cured old age . You were a friend of the last person to die of natural causes . I glanced at the wrinkled face in contempt . It was n't *natural* for someone to be this old , this decomposed . It was n't *natural* to have life pumped into someone by a machine , or for nutrients to be injected into the bloodstream . Disdain washed over me at the sight of my friend , her face was n't supposed to be so , disgusting , it was n't supposed to have lines etched into her forehead and the area around her mouth , nose , and eyes .   I just did n't understand , I could n't understand . Why would she do this , why would she throw life away for death , she was leaving her children , her husband and her friends , she was leaving me .   A tear dripped onto her face , I wiped it away and took a stepped back . I stood next to the machine pumping her heart . I looked at the machine angrily , I did n't understand why she was still cling to life when
Write your heart onto your sleeve , Reddit . Written a while ago , for something that should n't have been written .   `` Do you know what Centralia , Pennsylvania is ? Do you know how people talk about 'holding a flame ' , or 'smoldering love ' ?   It 's a town . Cute , old-fashioned , and empty . No one lives there . It 's overgrown and rotting , fenced off in the distance with warning signs .   A few decades ago , a garbage burning pit broke through into the coal mines under the town . It ignited instantly , and filled the tunnels that run under the town with intense flames .   You 'll be fine , walking through the woods , around old style buildings ... when suddenly the ground gives way , and you fall into a hellish pit of hundreds of degrees of fire and darkness .   That 's what it 's like . I 'll be fine , idyllic and strolling through the woods around a peaceful town
A person 's eye colour correlates to what superpower they have , activated at age 18 . You are the first person to be born with totally black eyes . `` ... So , Derrick , it 's good to see you again . I hope the ... `` research '' we did on you did not hurt too much , did ? ''   `` No , Dr. Montier , not at all ''   `` Good , that 's great . I was just a bit worried . We have never done one of those in ... centuries , I think . But lets get to the point . I believe you know what happens when someone turns 18 , do n't you ? ''   `` Of course , Doc . Everyone does ! We get powers and stuff ''   `` It 's true ... We gain powers , according to our eyes colors . But ... ''   `` But I 'm the first to have black eyes . Just like in the stories ''   `` Indeed . Because of that , we do not know what powers you have , and that 's why we did this research . According to those stories you mentioned , you should be
A man with OCD is stranded on a deserted island . `` Three million four hundred eighty-two thousand six hundred seventeen . Three million four hundred eighty-two thousand six hundred eighteen . Three million four hundred eighty-two thousand six hundred nineteen . ''   A wave broke , its foam spreading a little farther than last time , but the man did not take notice .   `` Three million four hundred eighty-two thousand six hundred twenty . Three million four hundred eighty-two thousand six hundred twenty-one . ''   The next wave slammed the beach and rushed across the sand , soaking his kneeling legs . Drops splashed against his magnifying glass , and grains beneath him shifted back towards the sea . He turned his head and sneered at the annoying Pacific , then sighed .   `` One . Two ... ''
A dreamweaver is heartbroken and decides to curse the world with nightmares . Only one man can stop her . Lumis awoke with a gasp and a cold sweat , her heart screaming in her chest . The images were just as vivid as they were the last time , as they were every day . Shapes . Jagged frames , dark lines , and a pressure that wrapped itself around her lungs .   The dreams were never cohesive . Each dream that cycled through her mind to be `` purified '' and `` resubmitted '' to the Mindscape Network was composed of fragments of a moment . The man in her nightmare was screaming ; shrill , piercing , wet with blood . The pain was n't physical for this man . It was never physical .   A child clutched at the edges of his bed as the shadow descended , silencing his cries .   The woman sobbed , holding the lifeless form of her child .   An old man 's breath weakened and weakened as his heart came to quiet .   `` Coffin nail Operas '' . That 's what she called
Today you realize the real reason why the earth is the way it is . Its because you long back you forgot you were the one who created it in the first place . I was always described as someone who did n't think things though , I always go about things in the most convoluted way possible . But I do n't care what others thought about me , in my current situation how could I. I am in crippling debt from my student loans , I got this debt to get a good job , a career . But this debt forced me to work a dead end job . I could put more effort in finding a job , its been hard , some say impossible , but all I have to do is try . But working this full time job to cover the cost of school really doesmt leave me with any time at all . Oh well I just need to look the bright side .   While looking at the brightside , the glare caused me to walk into the road , i didnt see the that car .   Luckily I have medical insurance , unfortunately they will only cover the emergency room , and when I was admitted . Im still responsible for the copay and ambulance
You are a volunteer Search and Rescue dog handler . The dog is trained to find dead bodies . While out for a walk while on vacation , your dog starts barking madly . `` Shadow what 's wrong ? '' I asked my Search and rescue dog hoping he would respond . Shadow had been on this run hundreds of times . Every day for the last 2 and a half years . But as we had just returned from a 2 week long training seminar .   But today as we passed that third turn the one with the drop off to river way that led straight into the lake . All of a sudden he pulled me almost off my feet . I took a knee just so I would n't stumble to me face . `` Woof , Woof , gggggrrrrrrrr '' Shadow had just given me a signal that I was unprepared to receive .   Two barks and a growl ment that he knew that there was a body near . A dead body . After years of doing Search and Rescue for the KCPD I have feared this day would come . I immediately arose to my feet and gave the command `` Shadow Lead '' As shadow led me to the
For as long as you can remember , you 've had that scar . You stopped noticing it . Then , one morning , you 're pretty sure it 's in a different spot . You shake it off , but every morning it moves a little closer to your heart . I woke up next to a ho '  She came to help me `` grow ''  She put on such a great show  That my dick ended up saying `` no ''   *I have a scar on my penis ' tip .  I 'm told it 's not very hip .  At least it 's not a chip ! *   I went to work the next day  I sat down next to Mrs Faye  I felt this urge to get her laid  But I knew I would n't get paid   I went to the loo to have a quickie  Well , this one was quite a biggie  The tip of my rod was perfectly fine  But on my penis is now a scar line !   *I have a scar on my penis ' side .  I 'm told it 's impossible to hide .  At least it 's not snide ! *   I sat home to play some games  Well , I
A sequence from an RTS game , from the perspective of the units . The Squadron of marines were standing on top of the hill , Staring down at the swarm of Zergs rushing down towards them . It felt like a million years as the Order finally came .  `` Orders Received , Go ! Go ! Go ! ''  The marines knew that this would be suicide , There were no medics available , all other units were either destroyed or being destroyed , the weight of the entire battle rested on their shoulders now .  *20 meters . *  The Zerg had spotted them ,  *10 meters . *  The zergs rushed at the Marines .  *5 meters . *  This was it , The marines unleashed bullet after bullet , but more kept coming .  As every Marine fell one after one , The commander knew , this was a lost battle . There was no choice other than to lose .   `` Rest in Peace '' he muttered , as tears rolled down his cheeks .   ( If you played as the zergs in the first
You live in a world where suicide is illegal . There is a division of law enforcement that travels to the afterlife to catch people that committed suicide and then bring them back to serve time in prison . You just killed yourself and someone is chasing you , but it 's not the cops . *I wrote this for this prompt , and it can be read on its own , but it 's also chapter 2 of a longer story in the making . Chapter one can be found here : https : //www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/40kccc/slug/cyuxm27 Enjoy ! *     I stared at the ID in my hand for a while longer , and kicked the body in front of me in frustration .   *Fuck fuck fuck . *   Two days it had taken them . For two blissful days , I 'd lived in a normal world again , with actual people . It was a pretty nice world I had ended up in , too . Apparently , though , it was n't meant to be . They actually wanted to drag me back to that barren place . And for what ? So I could live there on my own ? Waiting till I died of old age or because of some accident
A man that is socially awkward goes to a party full of mind readers . With bloodshot eyes , sweaty palms , and cotton mouth he began to hear the sounds of laughter .  `` Finally . ''  He was closing in on his destination .  Ducking into a small poorly lit brick alley , he reached into his pockets .  *Shchkinkk* The iconic sound of a lighter . A light glow could be seen from the street as he took his final hit .  It was n't because he was nervous , though he was , he just could n't help himself .   The sharp meticulously maintained garden and white marble steps were already contrasting heavily with his long unkempt beard and shoulder length hair . He was n't usually invited to these things .   He walked up the stairs .  `` Here we go.. ''  The bell hardly rang before the door burst open and a smiling face awaited him .  `` Howdy '' he said with an uncharacteristic southern twang .  Wordlessly , ushering with her hands ,
World of Warcraft finally ends and shuts down all servers . All the WoW addicts have to fill the hole left in their life . `` World of Warcraft was over '' , That echoing thought going back and forth in his mixed nebula of feelings were ironically so delivering yet so scaring . He who would spend countless amount of time in that virtual world was finally over . The shut down was at most disappointing ; neither did Blizzard nor the community made some sort of celebration or ceremony for the occasion . He , now an old man , was still playing from time to time before the shut down , reminiscing the old glory and nostalgia he once had . Putting things in perspective , he realized he was living virtually and in the past . Deep in his train of thoughts , somewhere the young innocent him , was not impressed by the actual game , he thought , he remember the actual feeling of unknown that would be way ahead of him .   In the real world , he thought , why ca n't I feel the same excitement ... In this introspect circle of pondering he was going through , he sighed… . Life should be the same right
A meteor has just hit Earth and has started a chain of natural disasters that eventually lead to world war three . Write only the titles of the top-rated news submissions on Reddit in such a way that it tells a story as time goes on . 4 years ago : `` Meteor lands in Pacific . Tsunami warnings issued . ''   4 years ago : `` Hawaii hit by massive tsunami ''   4 years ago : `` Earth quakes reported in multiple countries . ''   4 years ago : `` Wide spread damage through out US West Coast , Japan , Korea , and other Pacific bordering nations .   4 years ago : `` State of panic spreads as infrastructure fails in impacted areas . ''   3 years ago : `` Reports of North Korea invading South Korea ''   3 years ago : `` War declared in Korea ''   3 years ago : `` Chinese forces enter Korea ''   3 years ago : `` I live in the recently invaded South Korea . AMA ''   3 years ago : `` U.S. forces deployed in Korea . ''   3 years ago : `` Leaked video shows American soldiers in open combat with Chinese forces in Seoul . ''   3 years ago : `` UN coalition has pushed back
It 's 2015 , and the Titanic has just sailed into New York Harbor . `` Curse those who survived . '' Said the Captain beneath his breath . His skin was a rotted green . A cackle came from the near skeletal helmsman . The bridge of the Titanic smelled of the sea , and the dead .   The Captain came to the window that overlooked the deck -- the moving corpses of the lost had gathered to witness their return .   Numerous other ships were moving ahead of The Titanic to intercept them , but they were tiny by comparison . A voice boomed from one of the small ships with flashing lights .   `` Turn around ! This is New York Coast Guard ! Turn around ! You are on a collision course ! ''   The Captain turned to the helmsman . `` Full speed ahead . '' He said .   The helmsman begins to cackle again just before collision . Steel begins to crumple and screech as the bow of the Titanic rams through another ship bound into harbor . The Titanic ripped through the other ship
A group of friends have to go into a old house and recover a item , in order to receive a rich inheritance . However the house is haunted by ghosts , who have fortified the house . The friends have resorted to siege warfare to claim the item . > Diary entry : Day 3 .   > War . War never changes . Even if it 's seige warfare against ghosts holed up in a haunted house .   `` What are you writing ? '' Carey asked , peering over her brother George 's shoulder .   `` We 've been here a hour , not three days . And that 's such a cliche pretentious line . You 've been watching too many war films . I 'm gon na go get a hot chocolate , do you want one ? ''   George hunched over , shielding the page of his diary with one hand . `` Stop reading my diary , it 's private . ''   Carey straightened and shrugged . `` Whatever . ''   As she walked along the road to the cafe , George continued writing .   > My sister is so annoying and she 's ugly and fat and she 's got a massive nose she keeps poking in where it does n't belong
The gods play a practical joke on their followers for just one day . Allah , Buddha , Jesus , the Hindu gods and the Greek gods and goddesses took part . Buddha had seemed quite tickled at the idea . `` Yes , it sounds very , um , enlightening , my dear Allah ! ''   Allah had lumbered into the Word a short time earlier , and had explained his idea to the others . The Word was , of course , a favorite hangout of the Immortals , having a reputation as serving the best nectar and manna fritters in the entire realm - not to mention the poppy and honey tea .   A large number of the Immortals were already gathered , as it was Power Hour at the Word - lots of specials available . Hermes sat on a stool , sipping a can of Red Bull , having eschewed the Word specials for the mortal carbonated cocaine that had been offered to him by a minotaur , who had wandered in from a lower dimension . ( In the old days minotaurs , not being strictly Immortals , would n't have even been allowed in , much less been
A child needed a protector . The demon needed redemption . The cold air was rushing through the subway . The few commuters this last in the evening pulled the sodden collars of their coats tighter about them , clutching whatever they held just a little bit closer . It was a common reaction to his presence , one Dantalian had seen time and time again .   He had little interest in the common folk . The small book in his right hand would tell him all he needed to know . Who were the whores and the thieves , or the loved and the selfless . Time had turned his mind into a tuned fork , capable of working out for itself where people would lie in his pages , but in so doing it had left his disconnected from those very same people .   A homeless man bustled passed , hands outstretched , his name written in the folds between the leaves of the book . He had done bad , but acknowledged his sins . Dantalian gave him a few strips of whatever society deemed money nowadays , the paper green and filled
A small group of researchers on Mars begin detecting Oxygen in the air . They trace the source to a leak . A pipe leak . `` This is your alien pipe , is it ? '' Astronaut Mike Dexter looked at the steel tube with feigned interest . It looked like any tube he 'd seen , but it seemed impolite to say nothing of it .   `` It is . '' Replied the stocky red alien . `` That 's your alien ship ? ''   Mike looked at the direction of the alien 's finger and nodded . `` Oh yes . ''   The two beings stood awkwardly next to one another for a moment .   `` Uh , '' Mike looked at the leaking pipe . `` I should probably report the existence of you to my home planet . ''   `` Oh , right ! '' The alien said . `` Of course , no problem , go ahead , it is n't rude to leave mid-conversation or anything- ''   `` Do n't be like- hey , do n't be like that . ''   The alien folded two pairs of
You discover you got the power to change reality at will ; but no one believes you , they say things have always been this way no matter what you change . You know how some people can control their dreams ? I think it 's called lucid dreaming . Well , I can do that when I 'm awake .   I do n't know how I got the ability , but it started when I was twelve . I remember my mom serving spaghetti for dinner , and I said , `` I wish the noodles were made out of Twizzlers instead of this yucky pasta . '' Suddenly we had Twizzler spaghetti . I think it was worse than the normal way though .   In school , I did all the things you 're probably thinking about . Dodgeballs never hit me . `` Friends '' were happy to give me their homework if I forgot . Once a bully tries to pants me . His pants ripped in half every morning after that for the rest of the year .   It was n't until a high school history class that I figured out exactly how powerful I am . I had n't studied for the multiple choice exam and was just
With the salt wind in my face , I felt free for the first time in years . It had taken months of difficult and subtle work , but I had done it . I 'm sure I 've done my throat and stomach irreparable damage by now , but it does n't matter . Even if I shortened my life by 10 years at least they would be free to pursue the important things . I had gotten all I needed from this place and it was time to go .   My cellmate Alexander had thought me insane .   * '' You think you can puke your way out of jail ? `` * The contempt in his voice made me angry . Like he was any smarter then me ... I decided then that he would not be welcome on my escape .   * '' At least do the window , idiot . You can never make it through the jail . `` *   It may have been a valid suggestion , except for the fact that there was nothing but a 75 foot drop onto jagged rocks outside the window .   The hardest part was keeping the smell
You 've had enough . Life is just too damn hard . It 's time . Only , on your way to the bridge , you spot someone else standing on the ledge already . My parents are dead ...   The line of a suicide written in earnest , you see when your reason for living is taken away . Well you no longer have a reason to live . My child was dead before she even took her first breath . Still-born they told me that day at the doctors office . I was then so gently informed that I had developed ovarian cancer ... a mother without a child . A woman incapable of giving birth . Growing up my friends told me that I would make a great mother . I kept diaries of how much I would love my children , give them so much affection they would drown in it all . The gentle laughter escapes from my lips .   Four months into the future ... .  My father was dead , an accident involving a drunk driver . So fucking cliche ' the driver was n't even charged with vehicular manslaughter . They blamed my father for the accident . The man who had cradled me in his arms after I lost my child . The
When I touch you , you freeze . The wicked glint in her eye sent shivers down Aiden 's spine . It 's a look that has always been reserved for him .   Those penetrating green eyes swallowed him up , and his mind raced back in time for a moment , to the many warm summer nights of their youth . They and a bunch of the neighbor kids always played games until it was too dark to see and their parents called them in .   `` Freeze ! '' Ilsa shouted gleefully , hopping around the tree and jabbing Aiden in the ribs . He giggled and tried to pull away .   Ilsa leaned close to Aiden , her gaze narrowing sharply . `` When I touch you , you freeze ! ''   Normally Aiden would give in ( Ilsa was the best at freeze tag ) . Tonight , though , the green starburst pattern in her eyes shimmered in the fading evening light , and Aiden realized he was staring at them . He bl
The most powerful spell ever forged . He ’ d only been there once before .   The first time was an accident . He ’ d been on one of his walks , wandering aimlessly across the barren land . Mother didn ’ t like it , but he did it anyways . The strolls were an escape from the bleakness of everyday life , and besides , there wasn ’ t much point in doing much else nowadays .   The world was ending . The Seers were sure of it . For years , they ’ d sensed some vague blackness on the horizon , but in the past months it had grown closer and closer . Though the Seers were most in tune with the source , nearly everybody had some natural sense , and they could all feel it . The end approached .   The sky above had been grey when he ’ d stumbled upon the small cave . Not wanting to get wet in the imminent rain , and always open for adventure , he ’ d hesitated only slightly before stepping into
Long Ago , God sent his son Jesus to Earth . Now , Satan sends his daughter , Jessica ... I was just browsing around in the market when I met her . I was right in the crossroads between two aisles when I heard her say `` Kiss me . ''   `` What ? '' I turned to meet the person who had said this .  I was greeted by a short , slender girl in a neon red hoodie with a face filled with freckles and short brown hair with streaks of red .  `` C'mon ! You 've never kissed a girl before ! Try it out ! '' she asked again with a slight whining tone .  `` But ... .I do n't ... I do n't want to . '' I looked around to see if anybody else was noticing this teenager randomly coming onto me , but nobody else seemed to see her .   `` That does n't matter ! What matters is making God mad ! ''   `` Huh ? ''   `` I 'm the AntiChrist gurl . I need to make God mad by stirring
You are scrolling through r/WritingPrompts , when this very prompt catches your attention . Intrigued by it 's meta nature , you debate with yourself whether or not you 'll write about it . Haha , five upvotes ? Who needs karma , anyway ? It 's stupid to care about something that is likely stored in a few microscopic transistors in a server somewhere . Then again , it 's stupid to care about little strips of mushed leaves with pictures of former leaders of our inhabited landmasses etched into them , yet our entire world revolves around it . Or , wait , only the humans . Hey , look , another one . Really , does much of modern existence even matter ? Everyday , our success is n't defined by how well we 're surviving , it 's about how many little IOU 's we obtained and gave away that day . One upvote . Another . Or maybe , maybe we 've transcended to a level high enough that we do n't need to care about basic survival . Maybe that just means we were already successful , and now we 're basking in the sweet reward of dominance . We 've reached a level one step closer to
Your beloved grandpa dies but all he leaves you is a horse called Sneezy . One afternoon while riding , Sneezy sneezes and suddenly you 're in a different era . I recall the day gramps died . I was sat in school , labouring over some test I barely remember the content of . My phone rang once and , not wanting to be thrown out of my examination , I ignored it until the uncomfortable vibration ceased to rattle against my thigh any further .   Then it rang again .   And again .   Every time it started anew my heart sank deeper and deeper . You see , gramps was already in the hospital . That I knew . I did n't quite know why though , I was deemed too young to be privy to that information . But something about the incessant ringing triggered an evil thought in my head . I knew there was n't really much time left . Without looking at my phone I left the room . Simply began to walk out , not feeling the gazes of twenty stunned people . I heard the teacher try to call after me and I said `` I have to go '' . Or so I recall .
You are a corrupted tooth fairy who knocks out adults ' teeth . I joined the syndicate when I was 23 . I knew someone who knew someone and it kinda happened . I remember the day like it was yesterday . I now run my own syndicate and life is good .   I walked into the room and there was a big guy named Sergi . He was a huge solid Russian fairy who was covered in gold Jewelery however it was decorated with teeth .  I remember naivley thinking to myself , `` we are n't supposed to keep the teeth , why is he keeping the teeth ? It 's supposed to go to the government '' . A total product of the system I was .  My accomplice ( who shall remain anonymous ) and I sat down across from Sergi .  `` So , you have decided that you want to make some money ? '' He asked me in his thick accent .  `` Yes . '' I answer hesitantly .  `` Have you too had enough slaving for this government ? '' He stares down at
Everybody who turns 25 learns a reality shattering secret about the world . Nobody has ever leaked this secret to somebody under 25 . Today is your 25th birthday . There I was , a new day with the sun glaring through my window . `` 25 '' I thought . Hmph . I always thought my life would somehow be different then it is at this age . I remember being 16 and seeing those who were 25 and it did n't seem like they woke on on there 25th on a dingey old mattress surrounded by empty beer bottles .   You see , turning 25 was a big deal . In the new order , secrets that governed our existence had been revealed , but only once you became of age , 25 , were you exposed to the knowledge . Usually people had big lavish parties for these things , everyone dressed up , the finest of Martian wines were served , all of your family and friends came out to celebrate .   Not me , not in my life . No lavish party , no family , no friends . I 'll probably just lay around for a few more hours , then head down to my regions Union Square , get the seal stamped on my
At their 18th birthday everybody is given a car which is manufactured to last without any problem till you die . This morning your check engine light went on . `` Why are n't we moving ? ''    I just stared at my dash at the little orange Check Engine light , which remained lit .    `` Kat , why are n't we moving ? '' My girlfriend , impatient , questioned me again .    I snapped out of it , `` Look at this . ''    `` Huh , that 's weird . It 's supposed to work until you die . Start the car again ? ''    I did so , with trembling hands . I 'd never heard of this issue before . I turn the key . Everything flickered to life , but once again , the check engine light held steady . I felt ill . I tried again . And again . I can hear my girlfriend somewhere in the background on the phone , talking through robotic menus . The issue persists every time I start the car .    I 'm startled for a moment as her hand rests over mine and she hands the phone to
You died . You were reborn . You remembered your previous life . But that 's actually pretty useless - because you were n't reborn human . You 've got to be kidding me . A cat ? Of all things to be reborn as , I 'm a black freakin ' cat . The very ( creepy ) creature I feared the most when I was alive . When I was human . Before the bastard killed me .   I race past a mirror before I can catch a glance and freak myself out . Do cats have heart attacks ? I hope so .   What 's this ? Why is he here ? Please tell me I 'm not in his house .   I am .   `` Here kitty , kitty ... ''   The bastard 's in his boxers dumping a can of fishy mush into a plastic bowl . I stare at him smuggly . Does he really expect me to the lick that up with my twisted shrunken cat mouth ? His hand 's in my fur now , stroking my head . He barely held my hand in public when we were together and now he 's
You are a member of a mildly intelligent species that evolved on the inside of Enceladus 's ice crust . Humans have just bored through and made contact . I was in the mines when it happened . It started with a vast rumbling , as if the ground itself was tearing apart . Ice and rocks tumbled down on me , and I heard screams in the distance . Suddenly , the shaking stopped . I rushed towards the mine 's entrance , curious , yet terrified for what I might find . Several guards rushed past me , brandishing their polished spears . As I exited the tunnel , I saw the carnage in front of me . Our home , the cave of life , was ruined . The Eternal Igloo , home of the Emperor , had collapsed . It 's large dome had smashed through the smaller foundation domes , causing the structure to collapse . Replacing it was a giant grey cylinder , reaching from the cave 's top to it 's bottom . The rest of the cave had feared no better , the endless array of igloos that filled our homeland had crumbled , with only a few surviving structures . Soldiers rushed towards the center of
Fabricate an inspiring encounter with a stranger that changed your life . I 've always had trouble deciding whether to help someone or not . I 'm always worried that I 'll be cumbersome while I help someone , so I tend to ignore the needs of others . It 's something that I 'm actively working on , and one of my main inspirations for improving my speed of assistance comes from this story that happened to me .   I lived in Hong Kong back when I was a kid - out in the New Territories ( the 'rural ' area ) , and would take the bus home from school . The public transportation was and still is fantastic , so I was alone when I rode the double decker bus back home . When I got to the nearest station to my home , I began to walk towards the subway tunnel , which led to the pathway to my house . The path to my house was under this long canopy of trees , and was squeezed into a thin lane between the trees and a wall right behind the trees - basically you could only walk
After the Dark Lord conquered the realm everything turns out really damn good . Freedom . It 's over-rated , let me tell ya . We fought him for a thousand years , all across the world . The Dark One . The Bringer of Doom . The Big Kahuna . We were so naive .   You might think I 've been brainwashed . Maybe I have . I lead everyone against him , and now I stand by his side as his most trusted advisor . His legions would overpower us one day , we knew they would . But we refused to give up the fight . I remember the last battle very well . On the Golden Fields of Avalok , 5 miles up the River Regar from the Golden City - the last bastion of the Light . That day I stood in front of the 10 thousand of us left willing to fight , the rest had been 'enslaved ' , and I said `` Today , we may die . But , we die as free folk . ''   Never been more wrong in my life . We lost that battle
A person with the ability to stop time suddenly notices some one who is unaffected by the freeze . The most useful thing about manipulating time was having the ability to stop it . It was something I learned after practicing with my newly-discovered ability for while . I did n't used to have any sort of powers . I was just your normal kid in high school , who happened to find a very expensive over-sized watch laying on the ground . Why would n't I pick it up ? I would 've never guessed it had the ability to manipulate time . Shoot , I was surprised I found it first .   At first , I used the time-stopping ability mainly for trivial things , like checking out a really hot girl without any consequences or cheating on a test . I was a high school guy , what was I going to do ? Be helpful ? After a while , I decided to use it for better things , like sleeping as long as I wanted or getting from place to place . Of course , when my mom started hassling me for staying up all night , I decided
After brushing your teeth in the morning you go downstairs to fry an egg , but when you try the frying pan buzzes at you and text appears reading , `` level 18 cooking required to use object '' . Drats , I thought . I made my way through the kitchen , found my laptop on the counter , and pulled up Google Chrome .   I typed in Runescape cooking bot , downloaded the firmware , and went went to the stove top . I cooked shrimp until level 15 , then trout until 18 . I mindlessly completed the tasks , thinking about pking as my body went through the motions .   A message popped up in my head . `` You have broken the Runescape rules , infringement : BOTTING . 24 hour ban . ''   Drats .   I logged out , shut my laptop , and had worked myself up an appetite . It was still early so I thought I would fry an egg .   As I reached for the stove top , a message appeared : LEVEL 18 COOKING REQUIRED .    Drats . *Inception music*
You meet someone who is exactly like your childhood imaginary friend . You discover they had an imaginary friend that is eerily similar to you . ''Tell me who I am , '' she said placidly as we stirred over our tears and cocktails .   ''Well . Your favorite color is pink ... you like your cereal with milk ... you dot your i 's with hearts and you 're always the queen when we play make-believe and you like torturing insects under a magnifying glass . ''   ''It 's all true . It 's still true , ten years later . It 's still true that I like it when you smile for me . But at the same time ... I do n't want you to even be able to smile . It does n't seem fair , because I cried so much for you . ''   ''And why was that ? I was n't the best playmate . Tied down to a bed , tubes stuck through my nose , an IV dripping on my wrist , unable to run and shout and dance with you , and besides my smiles were always lies . So
You really want a peanut butter and jelly sandwich . You only have crunch peanut butter . You hate crunchy peanut butter . Tell me a narrative drama of a man put in this heart wrenching situation , and his journey for the lunch he truly desires . I expect to be moved to tears . I reached into the cabinet to pull out my can of Peanut Butter for my sandwich . Ever since retirement , my daily… nut and jelly sandwich has been one of the few pleasures I have left . After I pulled it out , for some odd reason today , I decided to look at the label on the peanut butter , even though I was fairly certain of what it was . To my horror though , it read chunky . I ’ ve always hated that kind . I ’ m not even sure where it could have come from . Despite my disgust , I put it back in the fridge just in case I ever needed it ( Money doesn ’ t grow on trees ) . I put on my coat , and headed out the door .   The best thing about my old house is that is only across the street from the Co-op . This worked out greatly ever since someone decided I was too old to drive . It is a smaller… business , so it was usually pretty easy to
A depressed , suicidal mailman wins the lottery . With no friends or family to share the money with , he decides to use the money to personally deliver packages across the world in search of a reason to live . The money never changed anything . `` Money ca n't buy happiness , '' little do people know how true it is until they actually run into the money . It does n't change the family I 've lost , does n't bring them back to life , does n't bring back friends , or repair relationships . If anything , it just brings long lost contacts out of the woodwork you have n't seen since gradeschool to `` hang out '' or `` celebrate . ''   My trust in females is dim to begin with . Mirrors in my house have all been ripped off the wall as I know the flaws they see and I do n't want to be reminded of them . This money just bring burdens of other people 's intent to `` get in '' for it . Love just looks like it 's not in the cards for me , then again what is ?   The next few weeks at work was everyone congratulating me . I took it all with numbness , assuming their
