you have the ability to see everyone 's physical manifestations of their greatest fear . You can interact with them but no one notices , you 've befriended yours . While at the bar and the man sitting across from you buys your next round . When he comes over , you notice that he has no fear `` shadow '' ...
Long ago , several hundred years now , a mad wizard cursed every single human being , and their descendants with the form of a human/animal hybrid . Since then , the world has begun anew , with a renaissance of magic and arcane knowledge . For whatever reason , you are human . Find out why .
Twins seperated at birth and given to an adoption agency get into a car accident as adults . One dies and the other has amnesia . The hospital mixes the records and the surivivor resumes living his twin 's life . After some time , his memory slowly starts to return .
It is the year 2288 . As you wander the Wastelands , you find Vault 74 . Inside the vault is a team of video game designers from the pre-war company known as Valve Corporation , who have just finished working on a video game known as Half Life 3 .
Ants have a telepathic link to all members of their colony . It 's so specific that , as the colony grows , so does it 's collective intelligence . One such colony has become so massive that it 's about to break a major intelligence threshold .
You live in a world where each lie creates a scar on the liar 's body . The bigger the lie , the deeper and larger the mark . One day , you meet someone that only has one scar ; it is the biggest one you have ever seen .
You 're a human scientist living on the moon . One day , while out in your spacesuit , you notice a small human child playing in the dirt . She 's not wearing a spacesuit , but she 's breathing just fine .
When people turn 20 , they get to meet their guardian angel . It 's your 20th birthday , you finally get to meet the angel that 's been protecting you , and you 're horrified by what you see .
You have died and gone to hell , but it 's not what you expect . You wake up naked in a field with nothing but trees around you ... it turns out that hell is an early access survival game .
Your neighbor is the protagonist of a musical . Any time a musical number starts , anyone within a certain radius ca n't help but join in . You are trying to have one normal day when you hear music approach .
`` It 's surprising that the most important person in the world has so little security . '' Said the assassin to his target . `` I am here , there is no better security . '' Was the casual reply .
As a Space marine you have an allowance of one call home a day . Today 's battle was especially bad and your best friend died I 'm the heat of it all . Time to call home .
Let 's play an RPG together . /r/WritingPrompts is the protagonist , and I am the DM . You make the decisions , I create the content . Let 's begin .
As a villager in an MMORPG , you 've grown increasingly jaded from every single hero easily completing your `` quest '' . You 've decided to actively sabotage them from now on ...
You have an ATM that gives you the exact amount of money you need to survive for the day , how you spend it is your choice . Today you are given $ 70,000,000 .
You 're a robber in a house coming down the stairs with valuable items from the master bedroom . You encounter another robber in the home on your way out ; Write a story about what happens .
By day , he 's mild-manned office worker Frank Lee . By night , he 's Honest Man , a superhero with the power of honesty so brutal , it 's lethal .
Donald Trump becomes President of the United States of America . You are a writer for a local NYC paper assigned to writing about his actions/decisions after his first year as President .
You kiss your girlfriend of 10 years goodnight.You return in the morning to find her house completely abandoned , boarded up , with no trace of your girlfriend or her family .
Throughout your childhood you are made fun of for `` making up your own language '' , till Earth is contacted by another race and you are the only one that understands them .
You wake up the day after having literally lived the best day of your life . Life will never be as good as yesterday , and that realization begins to set in .
Instead of Christianity , Judaism , and Islam , the three major religions to make it to the 21st century were the Greek , Roman , and Norse pantheons .
After a bad breakup , you take Reddit 's famous advice . Lawyer up , hit the gym , delete Facebook . The problem ? You are Mark Zuckerberg .
You 're not about to let the end of the world make people forget about the greatest music written by mankind . You are the Rock Bard of the Apocalypse .
You walk up to a beggar to give him a dollar bill when he looks directly into your eyes . You realize the old man is Santa Claus .
You died . You were reborn . You remembered your previous life . But that 's actually pretty useless - because you were n't reborn human .
Mark Zuckerberg decides to end Facebook . He 's going to pay users $ 1 for every `` Like '' they accumulate until the company is bankrupt .
When everyone turns 18 , they receive a pet which is figurative of their personality . You 're the first person to receive a dragon ...
It suddenly becomes possible to gain XP and level up in the real world , but you can only do so by getting kills .
You are a dog who is trying to kill its master , but the family 's cat stops you at every turn .
You are the Historian , a shapeshifting , immortal being that gives historical figures a push in the right direction .
A genie will grant you one wish . You wish to be the adult your younger self imagined you would be .
You just discovered England 's biggest secret : every time they say long live the queen it extends the queens life .
You run an RPG pawn shop . You haggle with adventurers who try to sell loot they 've acquired .
Everyday for the past week the same man goes in the middle of Time 's Square and kills himself .
Write a story where the first sentence means something totally different than the last by the end of the story .
You are an NPC in the GrandTheftAuto universe . Describe a normal day in your life .
: One day , you find yourself uncontrollably jumping into the bodies of other versions of yourself .
You are blind . The love of your life is deaf . Tell me how you first met .
A magical mirror shows your reflection and your future soulmate . You only see your reflection .
The ancient dragon , nearing his end , takes a moment to reflect upon his long life .
One day while hanging out with your friends , you accidentally discover that you have the force .
Retell a major historical event as if they were the events of a kindergarten classroom .
Humanity is pushed to the brink of extinction and you could n't be happier .
I 'd like to take a moment to appreciate Sir Terry Pratchett .
And then she whispered , `` No . '' The story ends with this line .
Middle Earth , 4000 years after the events of the Lord of the Rings trilogy .
He did n't have enough knowledge to fill an entire world up with things .
Your dementia riddled mother has a brief period of lucidity just before she dies .
The villain finally win and kills the protagonist . People around the world celebrate .
She dedicated her life to hunting monsters . Until she realized she was one .
He finally said it : I 'm proud of you , son .
Make the most tense or suspenseful story you can in 500 words .
The day you drowned was the sunniest day of the year .
Make me fall in love with a character in 200 words or less .
You 're on a plane , and it 's going down .
You really , I mean REALLY , like that pair of shoes .
Tell a surreal pirate story , full of myth and splendor .
Walking along a bridge of petrified wood , following another .
Trees are the resting place of a soul .
Secure your own mask first before helping others .
A love story that starts with rice .
The last words of anyone as they die are prophetic , and always come true : tell the story of a professional Prophecy Detective .
I 'm afraid we can not use your blood for the transfusion . Our tests show it is not human blood .
You forgot your umbrella on a rainy day . The butterfly effect cause your day to spin out of control and several people end up dead .
An insomniac gets the best sleep he 's had in years , except the next day , he ca n't stop thinking about a dream he had ...
You a real master magician , a legend amongst true casters . From conjuring and summoning to simple hexes and curses . You are now hosting a trick to not only fool Penn and Teller , but make them question even their own knowledge of the art .
You have died and have been sentenced to Heck .
Your decision not to buy a chewing gum at the grocery store causes a series of events that lead to global economic collapse .
You discover a grand hall filled with legendary weapons like Mjonir and Excalibur . Each generation or so , warriors come to the hall to inherit a weapon that they are worthy enough to wield . Across the hall you see a forgotten weapon that 's been collecting dust . You hear it call to you .
A man is locked in his bedroom . His zombified wife and children struggle against the door to beat it down . A loaded pistol rests on the dresser next to him .
Your baby starts crying everytime you leave their room . Finally , you pick up your child and leave the room together . As soon as you step out , you hear crying coming from the room .
You 're the sole survivor of a plane that crashed into the ocean . What you do n't know is that while you 're fighting to survive , the rest of humanity is fighting it 's own battle for survival .
Secure your own mask first before helping others .
The devil once promised he would grant you any wish , free of charge , on the day Hell froze over . Today he 's back , and covered in snow .
An assassin receives an unusual contract : a man on death row already slated for execution .
An alien race encounters the most terrifying predator imaginable . A lone , unarmed human .
You were born with a large birthmark in the shape of a dragon . However , this is just a coincidence ; there is absolutely nothing magical about it , and you 're getting really tired of explaining this .
With the window broken , the white curtains danced with the wind , the red of it now growing ...
Describe your everyday morning routine in the most badass way possible .
When you die the afterlife is an arena where you face every insect and animal you killed in your life . If you win you go to heaven , lose you go to hell . Your job was an exterminator on earth .
It 's 1912 . You 're drinking at a pub when a mysterious man dressed in a strange garb walks in ...
A super-hero/heroine returns home , having failed to save the world . He/She has but a few minutes with his/her family before the world is destroyed .
Write the last paragraph of a science fiction epic .
The Zombie Apocalypse is on its 3rd week . You expected them to be dangerous but you never expected them to be able to talk .
Knowledge is property . Leave a job ? Your employer keeps your work experience . Break up with someone ? You can take back their knowledge of your secrets . Want to get an education ? You can rent it for cheap ... just do n't fall behind in your payments if you value what you learned .
Hilda is a Valkyrie , one of the oldest . She 's collected the souls of many a great warrior and war hero ... even an accountant , once . Still shes is quite surprised to find herself in a school playground to collect the soul of a very confused 9 year old child .
You are awaken in the middle of the night by the sound of your baby crying on the baby monitor when you hear an unfamiliar voice saying `` It 's alright ... '' in your child 's room .
The monster under your bed is protecting you from something much worse .
A person with the ability to stop time suddenly notices some one who is unaffected by the freeze .
You can change your body to an exact match of anyone else 's with a single touch , but that destroys the original , and you must do it every 24 hours or you will die .
Write the silliest and scariest story that you can .
Reflection .
In an alternate universe , two earths orbit our sun . Today we finally launch a first mission to visit our sister planet .
World of Warcraft finally ends and shuts down all servers . All the WoW addicts have to fill the hole left in their life .
You have discovered an old typewriter in your attic , but it does more than simply print words onto paper ...
Google image finally opens face recognition to the public . For fun you submit a picture of yourself , and find lots of photos of yourself in places you 've never been to .
Describe Operation Eastern Trident , the USMC 's successful counter offensive against the zombie apocalpypse , aimed at New York City , through the eye of PFC . Johnathan Rhodes , Ft : Omega , 2nd Platoon , 3rd Infantry Regiment , II Marine Expeditionary unit .
The last thing anyone ever invented .
You are tending the bar at Stephen Hawking 's party for time travelers . As expected , nobody showed up and the party is winding down . You are about to close the bar when the doorbell rings .
There is a monster in your house that can only attack you once you acknowledge that it exists . You know this and try to write off the various ways it tries to get your attention .
Every dream you have ever had has come true . You have just awoken from the worst nightmare you have ever had .
Every year during hunting season , deer convene in secret areas of the forest to avoid being shot by hunters . Deer `` criminals '' are then left to fend for themselves during this time , and you are one of those looking to survive .
A man is sitting on a park bench at night . There 's half a foot of snow on the ground and more snow falling . Only his footprints are in the snow . As he stares across the park he hears approaching footsteps in the snow but he does n't turn around . Someone taps him on his shoulder .
The shortest story ever told . Once upon a time there was a magical place where it never rained . The end .
Tell the story of a man accused of murdering his wife from the perspective of one person present during the trial , but ...
You are the descendant of a line of Androids built in the image of man ( but less intelligent and taught to worship humans as gods ) . You are one of the lucky few chosen to visit Earth , home of the gods .
Everyone has a nickname in the style of First Name `` Nick Name '' Last Name . However , they have it from birth and so many people do n't know why they have their nickname yet .
You 're trapped in a horror setting ( ex . Silent Hill ) but you 're a superpowered individual , and no monster can hurt you . Hilarity ensues .
Tell the story of a spider that fell in love with an arachnophobe .
Write about something that is disgusting or ugly in such a way that it becomes something beautiful -- without using the 'beautiful inside ' cliche .
An innocent passerby notices another man about to hang himself on a playground . To avert the man 's death , the passerby decides to have a casual conversation with him . To goal is to make the ensuing conversation so funny that the reader forgets about the suicide .
Write a modern day nursery rhyme or children 's fable .
In 200 words or less , write a well-known villain as a hero , but do not tell us who they are .
Due to a genetic mutation , hair follicles have now been linked to pain receptors and getting a haircut is absolute agony . As a barber , describe how your life is changed and what your new role in society is .
You are a supervillain named The Keymaster . Instead of creating grand plans to conquer the world , all you do is run around and free other captured supervillains from prison , after the superheroes defeat them .
Write your heart onto your sleeve , Reddit .
Parts of America are annexed by another nation . The protagonist , until recently living on American soil , suddenly finds himself with new citizenship .
You discover a grand hall filled with legendary weapons like Mjonir and Excalibur . Each generation or so , warriors come to the hall to inherit a weapon that they are worthy enough to wield . Across the hall you see a forgotten weapon that 's been collecting dust . You hear it call to you .
A redditor grows increasingly depressed because no one replies to his WritingPrompts . Then one day ... .
It suddenly becomes possible to gain XP and level up in the real world , but you can only do so by getting kills .
Barack Obama announces that he will be the last POTUS . He gives a speech explaining why and everyone realizes that he is right .
A Craigslist murderer creates an ad and sets up a deal . The person who shows up to trade happens to also be a Craigslist murderer .
Bob Ross was actually a serial killer that painted where he buried his victims . His paintings are becoming suspicious and the body count is rising .
Becoming a god .
You run an RPG pawn shop . You haggle with adventurers who try to sell loot they 've acquired .
Listen to the music listed below and write a short response about how the music made you feel .
You 're a composer with synesthesia . Describe your works without using sound .
When everyone turns 18 , they receive a pet which is figurative of their personality . You 're the first person to receive a dragon ...
Russia surrenders unconditionally to the US . You are the President , and you have no idea what just happened .
A boy asks a girl out . It 's high school . It 's awkward . Narrate it from the point of view of a nature documentary .
You were born on a colonizing spacecraft on your way to a distant star . You are the middle generation of history ; born to late to have seen Earth , and to early to live to see your destination .
When you die the afterlife is an arena where you face every insect and animal you killed in your life . If you win you go to heaven , lose you go to hell . Your job was an exterminator on earth .
A commonly thrown out material today is incredibly valuable and rare forty years from now .
Your romantic life is n't real .
No one ever does .
The four last people on earth decide to commit suicide one by one . The last man decides he can not bring himself to end his own life . Describe the remainder of his life .
Every time you fall asleep , you are given two options : Continue or Retry . Continue , you wake up to the next day as usual . Retry , you wake up to the day you just had . The catch : your body remains the same even if you retry a day .
You tend to lose things very easily . One day you realize that the things you lose literally vanish into another dimension . You are the gateway to the Void , and you intend to use your power for the best or the worst .
You want to rewatch your favorite TV show , but find that it does n't exist . Nobody has ever heard of it .
Break up letter from a highschooler ( male ) to his girlfriend after a short relationship .
Backwards time travel is a reality , however forward time travel is not . Therefore when you go back you must relive everything again .
You have struggled through many things in life that others around you do n't seem to . After one exhausting day you close your eyes to see the words `` DIFFICULTY LEVEL - HARD '' flashing before you . You realise you have the option to switch to easy mode .
You buy a new alarm clock with a special feature , and test it out the next morning . Every time you hit snooze , time pauses around you for 10 minutes .
You have gained the ability to transmit your thoughts to anyone you are looking at . You can not control your ability .
What if tears left scars as they trickled down someone ’ s face ? How would this change our world ? Tell the story ...
Write banter for Poker Night 3 , starring Rick Sanchez ( Rick and Morty ) , Grunkle Stan ( Gravity Falls ) , Batman ( Detective Comics Comics ) , and a fourth character of your choice .
Twinkle , twinkle , little star , how I wonder what you are . Up above the world so high , falling swiftly from the sky ...
You 're browsing the contents of your `` My Documents '' folder , when you see a file that will change your life forever .
Open Concept : Instead of choosing between the red pill and the blue pill , Morpheus offers an ENTIRE rainbow of six pills to choose from .
a shapeshifter has been walking among humans for thousands of years . write about him finally getting discovered , by a small child .
Everytime someone has a 'blonde moment ' they get a little blonder . Black hair is now a symbol of brilliance , and you 've just invented hair dye .
The socialite hostess of an upscale cocktail party enters the room wearing just heels and necklace .
You are a retired assassin . The only thing you want is to die . Keeping you from this is the fulfillment of your last contract : A celebrated performer paid you to kill him if he ever tried to make a `` comeback '' as an old man . After years in retirement , the performer announces a world tour .
Start with any of the short sad , serious , tearjerker story prompts ; then add a sentence which completely ruins the mood .
Every left shoe on earth vanishes . society crumbles .
You wakeup to discover you 've developed an underwhelming but oddly applicable superpower .
You have the ability to look into someone 's eyes and see their soul . Everyone so far has been either beautiful or terrifying , until the day you look into a child 's eyes and see nothing .
After cheating on a woman who was secretly a witch , a man is cursed with a size-shifting manhood which becomes inversely-proportional to the love he has for each woman he makes love to .
The person sitting closest to you ( or if you 're alone , the last person you saw ) suddenly touches your shoulder and reveals a major , life-changing secret .
: Children are named by the traits they are fated to have - Brave , Serene , Deeply Caring , Unmoved - and of course your lovely daughter , Bites People .
Tell the story of an adventure in a fantasy world has advanced to become an interstellar civilization , using magic , not technology .
Pain is discovered to be the most efficient form of energy . It is ruled illegal , but secret human pain factories have already begun . You are the owner of one of these factories .
Everyone wants to be a beast until it 's time to do something bestial .
Once you die , Hell is meeting the person you could have been .
A human being that can not die has wandered the earth for 100,00 years . They finally fall in love and marry a murderous con artist that just took out a huge life insurance policy on them .
Humans for all of recorded history have reported seeing a man or women close to them when they are on the brink of death . Today , this figure appears to you though you believed yourself to be in good health .
Whenever you have to make a decision , you watch numbly as your personified emotions fight over who is in control each time . Today you find yourself on a bridge - you came here with the intent to jump .
As a villager in an MMORPG , you 've grown increasingly jaded from every single hero easily completing your `` quest '' . You 've decided to actively sabotage them from now on ...
All individuals receive the memories and knowledge of one of their randomly selected ancestors on their 21st birthday . Yesterday was your 21st birthday .
Your most embarrassing moment and I 'll write as an onlooker .
A person gains a superpower through an accident , and must decide if they will be a superhero or a supervillain .
Write a horror story with no gore or death , not even implied .
You live in a world where walking a mile in someone else 's shoes gives you one of their skills . You work in a used shoe store .
Write about whatever you want , but use as many unnecessary adjectives as possible .
You play the lottery to win the next $ 1 Billion powerball , and in the joy of celebrating your winning ticket , it 's blown out of your hands by a strong gust of wind .
You 're the last person on earth - but thank god Pokemon Go still functions ! You amuse yourself by catching Pokemon as you travel so as to not feel so isolated and alone . One day , on your screen , you see in the distance that someone has set up a lure .
Something invisible lives in your home . You try to expose it without letting it know that you 're aware of its presence .
It 's New Years Eve . Your best friend died in September , you 've been robbed twice , your girl friend is leaving you , you 've just lost your job and the only one left to talk to is a gay burglar you 've got tied up in the kitchen . P.S . Your cat is dead .
Everybody who turns 25 learns a reality shattering secret about the world . Nobody has ever leaked this secret to somebody under 25 . Today is your 25th birthday .
The lottery is an Institution designed to catch Time Travelers .
Becoming a god .
After a very small percentage of the earths population develops super powers governments start training them for military use , one of them has just been assigned to your unit ...
Pick a singer and write a song/short story from only the words in their songs .
Begin with the sentence , `` I am alone , but I am happy '' .
You discover a grand hall filled with legendary weapons like Mjonir and Excalibur . Each generation or so , warriors come to the hall to inherit a weapon that they are worthy enough to wield . Across the hall you see a forgotten weapon that 's been collecting dust . You hear it call to you .
You have the luxury of blindly throwing a dart at a map and traveling to the place the dart lands . One day the dart keeps landing in one specific country , no matter how many times you throw it .
Rewrite your favorite song as a story .
One if by land . Two if by sea . Three if by air . Four if by ...
You have an ATM that gives you the exact amount of money you need to survive for the day , how you spend it is your choice . Today you are given $ 70,000,000 .
Write a story that ends with `` I love her . That 's why I killed her '' .
You reject someone by saying `` I 'll go on a date with you the day hell freezes over . '' The next day , Satan appears in your room , shivering , and covered in snow .
Today I turned 18 and it changed everything . The list of upcoming 18 year olds acquiring their powers released . Your on that list under Tier 1 classification . As you stare in disbelief there 's an ominous pounding at the door .
A boy asks a girl out . It 's high school . It 's awkward . Narrate it from the point of view of a nature documentary .
You write a note to your future self . When you store it , you find another note there- a response from your older self .
You are scrolling through r/WritingPrompts , when this very prompt catches your attention . Intrigued by it 's meta nature , you debate with yourself whether or not you 'll write about it .
Begin with the sentence , `` I am alone , but I am happy '' .
Ever since The Red , I 've been a mess .
Make a mundane moment WAY too over-dramatic .
You are a professional hitman for the past 15 years , that is until you botch a job and end up with amnesia , waking up you remember nothing of the last 20 years , at this point you were not at all in the business , you 're approached to do a hit ... or die .
You are an immortal who has lived some 2,300 years , so long you have forgotten who or what made you this way . You go to a hypnotist to help you remember .
Write something that goes with this soundtrack .
Each of Bob Ross ' landscape paintings is a real place , the different locations of his countless murders .
A team of Allied paratroopers retreat into a forest and at night , their numbers begin to mysteriously dwindle .
You are John Doe , a completely unremarkable and forgettable person . You are so forgettable , in fact , that even Death forgot about you .
Groundhog 's Day except everyone remembers .
A person finds out they can steal the knowledge of others through contact . Soon it becomes an obsession .
Hilda is a Valkyrie , one of the oldest . She 's collected the souls of many a great warrior and war hero ... even an accountant , once . Still shes is quite surprised to find herself in a school playground to collect the soul of a very confused 9 year old child .
Aliens have abducted you in a random sampling of men , women and children . Analyzing your cell , and the artificial gravity in the ship , you conclude that your captors hail from a planet with a only fraction of Earth 's gravity - and they have seriously underestimated our strength .
Years after waking up deaf due to an unknown cause , you bump into someone that you can hear .
Man wakes up in the middle of a strange forest which extends thousands of miles in every direction , there 's a large moon in the sky , and it 's almost dead silent . He finds out he 's travelled back 500 million years to the Devonian era , and he 's in the centre of Pangaea .
You 're a low class detective washing clothes one day when one of your socks go missing . So like any good detective you decide to slip a sock onto your hand as a puppet and interrogate the other socks .
Write your heart onto your sleeve , Reddit .
You buy a new alarm clock with a special feature , and test it out the next morning . Every time you hit snooze , time pauses around you for 10 minutes .
You work with a girl , and some days she wears glasses with her hair up , other days she wears colored contacts with her hair down . You think she is two separate people . You begin dating one , and eventually `` cheat '' with the other one .
Write an incredibly dark finale for your favourite light-hearted TV show .
A renowned author on their deathbed is visited by the characters the author created , come to say goodbye .
A machine allows you to have a 15-minute conversation with your one true soul mate , romantic or otherwise . Your match lives 100 years in the future .
In a sci-fi like future , somebody accidently shouts out `` the bad word '' .
In the entire world , opening things like doors , gates , hatches , boxes and etc . leads to alternative universes .
Write your heart onto your sleeve , Reddit .
A story told in 2nd person where the protagonist falls in love with the reader .
Fit for a king .
No one ever does .
You spend years as a war prisioner in a small cell . Suddenly you realize you are , in fact , a dog .
Crimes do not exist solely on Earth . They are also seen on Heaven .
You have received a text/call/letter from someone and it is everything that you want to hear and simultaneously nothing you want to hear .
Write a story with the grim reaper/angel of death ( a position that can be passed on ) as the protagonist .
The people sent a human sacrifice to the gods . The gods want them to take it back .
There exists a phone line that will correctly answer any question asked to it . Write about either someone calling the line , or the person answering the question ...
Give me a story where the good guy wins , but the victory is unsatisfying .
You form a pact with the monster in your closet to work together in order to get rid of your terrible roommate .
It turns out that everyone 's imaginary friends were actually extraterrestrials that were trying to contact Earth through children .
In Soviet Russia , ghosts fear you .
The fire dies and the darkness encroaches .
A world where kids dream of being accountants , cashiers , bank managers etc . In the adulthood their dreams are crushed when they have to become astronauts , cowboys , ninjas etc .
Going about your normal day you 're surprised as the sky goes dark and then is awash with flame . At this moment you know you should have taken your fortune cookie much more seriously .
You are a con artist that travels back in time to a gullible era so that you can sell money tree seeds .
On his last day in office the US president gives a short farewell speech on live TV . Minutes later the streets everywhere in the country are filled with people - armed and angry people .
While Sam and Dean Winchester are visiting Ohio on a case , they make a stop at a diner in the small town of Springfield . While eating lunch they overhear two local cops talking about a strange murder at 1418 Elm Street .
The day the music died .
You are the King 's favorite engineer , however your successes have all been complete shots in the dark . The King has just come to you with the task of saving the kingdom .
A veteran Holocaust Jewish survivor meets a man in the elevator . As they strike a conversation , he slowly realizes the man was his brutal Nazi prison warden .
The Mexican-American War never ended . Mexico has been secretly sneaking soldiers in the US by going through the border and pretending they 're illegal immigrants . Its 2020 , the war began as a shock .
You are trapped in an airtight room on the Titanic as it sinks .
write a story from the point of view of a serial killers favorite knife .
Describe a universe where a personal stat is displayed above everyone 's head . One can see everyone else 's stat except their own . Talking about the stat is strongly taboo . Reveal what the stat represents at the end .
You and your team land on mars for the first time in human history . There is only one problem . About a mile from your landing zone , there is a single set of human footprints .
A young student is drafted off to fight in a bloody foreign war . He quickly finds that war is the most enjoyable thing he has ever experienced .
You 've finally created the worlds first true A.I . Unfortunately it now sees you as it 's god and is terrified of talking to you .
Hilda is a Valkyrie , one of the oldest . She 's collected the souls of many a great warrior and war hero ... even an accountant , once . Still shes is quite surprised to find herself in a school playground to collect the soul of a very confused 9 year old child .
Give the reader a tour of your mind .
You just discovered England 's biggest secret : every time they say long live the queen it extends the queens life .
A 4-D star collides with Earth , causing it to `` unroll '' into a seemingly infinite plane . Though satellite images from orbit appear normal , on the surface , everything has changed . There are suddenly new continents , new seas , stretching endlessly onward . A new age of exploration begins .
A mysterious event occurs where mentally deficient individuals suddenly become cognitive and sufficient but their caretakers become mentally impaired .
Tell me the middle of a sci-fi epic . No beginning or introduction to the setting or characters , nor any context to what 's going on , and no resolution of any kind .
A man is secretly in love with his barber . He begins to bald .
Throughout your childhood you are made fun of for `` making up your own language '' , till Earth is contacted by another race and you are the only one that understands them .
you have the ability to see everyone 's physical manifestations of their greatest fear . You can interact with them but no one notices , you 've befriended yours . While at the bar and the man sitting across from you buys your next round . When he comes over , you notice that he has no fear `` shadow '' ...
You just bumped into the man who killed your wife and child .
Everytime someone has a 'blonde moment ' they get a little blonder . Black hair is now a symbol of brilliance , and you 've just invented hair dye .
Holding your breath , you tap the softly glowing light . At your touch , it flashes , and the darkness begins to disappear .
Write yourself into a corner .
You 're on your computer , when suddenly , you get an email from a person named 'S ' .
Be afraid . For when the gods created man , they created him not in their own image , but to appease what lurks in the void .
It 's New Years Eve . Your best friend died in September , you 've been robbed twice , your girl friend is leaving you , you 've just lost your job and the only one left to talk to is a gay burglar you 've got tied up in the kitchen . P.S . Your cat is dead .
You die and are greeted in the afterlife by the all knowing God ( choose one ) , ready to judge you . However , for some reason he has no recollection of you ever existing .
Light is one of the goods that can be traded and sold . The poor live in darkness , but for the the rich people , it 's time to shine .
Leonardo DiCaprio in a fit of rage begins to torpedo his own career by deliberately acting poorly and taking on bad films . He finally wins an oscar for starring in Paul Blart : Mall Cop 3 .
Reflection .
Scare me in three paragraphs .
You were born with a large birthmark in the shape of a dragon . However , this is just a coincidence ; there is absolutely nothing magical about it , and you 're getting really tired of explaining this .
You 're an astronaut on the first mission to the moon since the 1970 's . You begin to dig for samples in the soft sentiment when your shovel hits something soft , yet tough . You brush the dirt away , revealing a dead man in a bloody spacesuit .
Two serial killers stumble upon each other while hiking . Both find the other to be the perfect next victim .
Humanity has cured old age . You were a friend of the last person to die of natural causes .
Write your heart onto your sleeve , Reddit .
A person 's eye colour correlates to what superpower they have , activated at age 18 . You are the first person to be born with totally black eyes .
A man with OCD is stranded on a deserted island .
A dreamweaver is heartbroken and decides to curse the world with nightmares . Only one man can stop her .
Today you realize the real reason why the earth is the way it is . Its because you long back you forgot you were the one who created it in the first place .
You are a volunteer Search and Rescue dog handler . The dog is trained to find dead bodies . While out for a walk while on vacation , your dog starts barking madly .
For as long as you can remember , you 've had that scar . You stopped noticing it . Then , one morning , you 're pretty sure it 's in a different spot . You shake it off , but every morning it moves a little closer to your heart .
A sequence from an RTS game , from the perspective of the units .
You live in a world where suicide is illegal . There is a division of law enforcement that travels to the afterlife to catch people that committed suicide and then bring them back to serve time in prison . You just killed yourself and someone is chasing you , but it 's not the cops .
A man that is socially awkward goes to a party full of mind readers .
World of Warcraft finally ends and shuts down all servers . All the WoW addicts have to fill the hole left in their life .
A meteor has just hit Earth and has started a chain of natural disasters that eventually lead to world war three . Write only the titles of the top-rated news submissions on Reddit in such a way that it tells a story as time goes on .
It 's 2015 , and the Titanic has just sailed into New York Harbor .
A group of friends have to go into a old house and recover a item , in order to receive a rich inheritance . However the house is haunted by ghosts , who have fortified the house . The friends have resorted to siege warfare to claim the item .
The gods play a practical joke on their followers for just one day . Allah , Buddha , Jesus , the Hindu gods and the Greek gods and goddesses took part .
A child needed a protector . The demon needed redemption .
A small group of researchers on Mars begin detecting Oxygen in the air . They trace the source to a leak . A pipe leak .
You discover you got the power to change reality at will ; but no one believes you , they say things have always been this way no matter what you change .
With the salt wind in my face , I felt free for the first time in years .
You 've had enough . Life is just too damn hard . It 's time . Only , on your way to the bridge , you spot someone else standing on the ledge already .
When I touch you , you freeze .
The most powerful spell ever forged .
Long Ago , God sent his son Jesus to Earth . Now , Satan sends his daughter , Jessica ...
You are scrolling through r/WritingPrompts , when this very prompt catches your attention . Intrigued by it 's meta nature , you debate with yourself whether or not you 'll write about it .
Your beloved grandpa dies but all he leaves you is a horse called Sneezy . One afternoon while riding , Sneezy sneezes and suddenly you 're in a different era .
You are a corrupted tooth fairy who knocks out adults ' teeth .
Everybody who turns 25 learns a reality shattering secret about the world . Nobody has ever leaked this secret to somebody under 25 . Today is your 25th birthday .
At their 18th birthday everybody is given a car which is manufactured to last without any problem till you die . This morning your check engine light went on .
You died . You were reborn . You remembered your previous life . But that 's actually pretty useless - because you were n't reborn human .
You are a member of a mildly intelligent species that evolved on the inside of Enceladus 's ice crust . Humans have just bored through and made contact .
Fabricate an inspiring encounter with a stranger that changed your life .
After the Dark Lord conquered the realm everything turns out really damn good .
A person with the ability to stop time suddenly notices some one who is unaffected by the freeze .
After brushing your teeth in the morning you go downstairs to fry an egg , but when you try the frying pan buzzes at you and text appears reading , `` level 18 cooking required to use object '' .
You meet someone who is exactly like your childhood imaginary friend . You discover they had an imaginary friend that is eerily similar to you .
You really want a peanut butter and jelly sandwich . You only have crunch peanut butter . You hate crunchy peanut butter . Tell me a narrative drama of a man put in this heart wrenching situation , and his journey for the lunch he truly desires . I expect to be moved to tears .
A depressed , suicidal mailman wins the lottery . With no friends or family to share the money with , he decides to use the money to personally deliver packages across the world in search of a reason to live .